David S. Kong: Yeah, isn't… Should we also acknowledge this momentous occasion?
Tim Sackton: That's awesome, I love it.
Mike: Tim as a player. I know.
David S. Kong: like, no, this has been, like, what, our lifetimes in the making? Tim as a player, intact.
Mike: It's true.
David S. Kong: Turning over the reins to his brother, his beloved brother, now, as the DM.
David S. Kong: This is pretty fucking epic, I'm just saying.
David S. Kong: Great.
Mike: Tim's kind of a high, high, a difficult act to follow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it's true.
Tim Sackton: I'm sure it will be amazing.
David S. Kong: I'm stoked, though, Mike. This is…
Mike: Fast.
David S. Kong: Yeah, shout out to Tim, this is great.
Mike: So…
Mike: forget everything we said last session. I mean, obviously all the world building and character building, fine, but I have a… I have a new intro to start over with, and then…
Mike: and if we're feeling complicated, I might break us into two breakout rooms to do two different things.
Mike: Just to get every… because you're in two separate spots.
Mike: Right, because…
David S. Kong: Breakout rooms. I like those.
Tim Sackton: We did that at the beginning of the Dunmark campaign.
Audio shared by Mike: that way.
Tim Sackton: Every now.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Like, the very f- the very first adventure.
Mike: session.
Tim Sackton: breakout.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Session, a breakout room with each one of you for the intros.
Audio shared by Mike: South.
Audio shared by Mike: Let me just turn on… sorry, the…
Tim Sackton: Good.
Mike: For as long as anybody remembers, the Great Chasm has split Simcova like a wound, an impossible cleft that plunges into endless depths, from which strangeness typically emerges.
Mike: Spires of impossible buildings, unexpected lights, storms and winds that seem to defy gravity, and unusual and unseasonable plants that the Kenku sometimes harvest.
Mike: Although many in the region see it as the home of Zephya, the cruel west wind of Zimcovan legends, not all do. The Kenku monks of the Kameko Monastery see it as a place of safety and refuge, where they can train
Mike: unwatched by the outside world, and safe from danger. And the mystics of the Vehovacai believe the chasm is a place of elemental balance and great power.
Mike: The summer of 1729 in Zimkova started fine and fair, but by late August.
Mike: Rumors of an orcish horde led by a fearsome orc calling herself the Ravenger of Winter.
Audio shared by Mike: had started to spread across Breva.
Mike: In early September, the news came. A great battle had been fought north of the chasm between the dwarves of Nizdihar, apparently aided by a large contingent of Stoneborne and the orcish horde.
Mike: The Ravager was killed, and the bulk of the orcs were defeated.
Audio shared by Mike: But scattered bands fled south to Breva like angry wasps, and the Mezai, the Woodswalkers.
Mike: And many others were kept busy defending the people from these scattered orc hordes.
Audio shared by Mike: So few noticed as the first signs came of the chasm changing.
Audio shared by Mike: A summer thunderstorm, thick and warm, burst forth from the chasm in October.
Audio shared by Mike: But this had happened before, and although it wasn't common, no one really remarked on it. A sandstorm, thick and dry, with scorching heat, came out of the chasm in November.
Audio shared by Mike: A boulder of volcanic stone, a flame with green fire, tumbled down the river that flows out of the chasm and floated all the way to the green sea, unquenched by water.
Audio shared by Mike: That was remarked on as mighty strange.
Mike: In December, a rainbow appeared.
Mike: That stretched across the sky over the chasm, and a day later, it shattered into hundreds of thousands of glass shards that drifted to the ground across the chasm and fell in.
Mike: That was widely seen as an omen, but few could say what it meant.
Mike: When the rainbow sign was followed by a living sheet of ice that swam out of the chasm and left behind… and swam down the teft, the main river, like a predator, leaving behind dead fish and…
Mike: frozen banks in its wake, many in Breva began to believe Xyphia was angry, and the chasm needed to be appeased.
Mike: And then, at the start of January, the sky above the chasm turned black, and held darkness, blotting out the sun over the chasm, like a huge dark cloud on the horizon.
Mike: For 5 days and nights.
Mike: And so, on January 8th.
Audio shared by Mike: of 1730.
Mike: Two weeks before Quintarim, the Sambaran feast day of the Wanderer.
Audio shared by Mike: The Veho Vacai gathered some of their wisest mystics and sent them, with a few of the warriors of the Comeca, to investigate
Audio shared by Mike: They…
Mike: What might be going on?
Audio shared by Mike: It's now January…
Mike: 22nd. More than two weeks have passed, and none have returned.
Mike: So, I'm gonna break out Tim and… let's see…
Mike: create two… three breakout rooms. So,
Mike: Dave and Eric are in one… Wait.
Mike: Tim, where are you?
Mike: I can't add you to a breakout room.
Mike: Are you also a host?
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe he can…
Mike: Can you add yourself to room 2?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Sorry, we join the rooms, and what happens?
Mike: So, I'm kicking off each group of you separately, so just join the breakout room, and then we'll rejoin. I'll join, I'll sequentially go through each room.
Mike: Wait, did… Eric and Kong don't seem to have closed.
Mike: Why is nobody here? But…
Tim Sackton: No, it's just timing. They, they need to…
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: It gives you 60 seconds for the rooms to close if you don't hit the.
Mike: Oh, oh, okay, I see. They have 34 seconds to join.
Kate Sackton: Blow Zoom response time, come on, guys.
Tim Sackton: It'll kick them back in 34 seconds, but they're not… they're probably just chatting and didn't notice.
Mike: Right.
Mike: So everybody just… I'll tell this to them when they come, but as you… oh, here they are. Okay.
Mike: So, it's all white, you can't see anything. As you fall, You can keep your armor.
Mike: One thing that you can clutch to your chest, and one thing in each hand.
Mike: So you have to pick what you're keeping.
Mike: From your equipment.
Mike: I mean, you could clutch a backpack to your chest if you have nothing else you want to clutch.
Tim Sackton: We need to open roll party. Mike?
Mike: What?
David S. Kong: Do we need to roll… open roll 20?
Mike: I'm gonna run…
Mike: combat just in D&D Beyond. There's a map in D&D Beyond. I'll send you a link when we get to it.
Mike: So, as you fall.
Mike: I mean, I assume, Eric, you are probably clutching your quiver… Yes. …and your two crossbows, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, I was just thinking that that's not really any other option for that, yeah.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: So you end up with no equipment except your quiver and your two crossbows, so you wouldn't… you wouldn't have… you'd have to find the dag… you wouldn't have a dagger.
Eric Rosenbaum: And should I… what do I do on my character sheet?
Mike: you shouldn't… .
Tim Sackton: Do you have any equipment that's not a crossbow, or…
Mike: If you have any equipment on your character sheet that's not a crossbow or your armor, delete it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike: Except the quiver, keep the quiver.
Eric Rosenbaum: I deleted my dagger.
Mike: Yeah, I think that was your only piece of equipment that wasn't…
Eric Rosenbaum: backpack full of stuff. Do I delete that, too?
Mike: Delete that. No, you can't… your backpack goes flying off in the storm, because you're clutching your quiver, not your backpack.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do I do that? Okay.
Mike: M…
Eric Rosenbaum: Delete.
Mike: And Echo doesn't have any equipment, so there's nothing for you to lose.
Mike: You just… you just have your, you know, ring your… you have your amulet of the storm, of the… your amulet of your beast form, and whatever armor you're wearing.
David S. Kong: Amulited. Might not happen.
Mike: Amlet of the Moon. There you go. You're Amlet of the Moon. And you probably should have armor.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Plate, plate mail?
David S. Kong: No, you can't wear a plate.
Tim Sackton: Something like.
David S. Kong: leather?
Tim Sackton: You want something like a breastplate, something that doesn't slow you down too much.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: And then…
Tim Sackton: Not a breastplate.
David S. Kong: Breastplate? Alright.
Mike: Schwartz, I assume Justice would keep your axe and your shield and your armor, but you could clutch a third thing. You could keep something else.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hey!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I…
Mike: Might not.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know, like, I think it would… I could clutch that backpack.
Mike: Good.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike: Good!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll clutch it. I'm strong.
Mike: Yeah, you are.
Mike: But I'm gonna look at what's in your backpack. Some random things from your backpack are gonna vanish. You don't have that much in your backpack.
David S. Kong: Alright. Traveling late this year.
Kate Sackton: I'll clutch my bow if I can manage to clutch a quiver at the same time as my bow, I will, otherwise I'll just have to deal with ammunition.
Mike: You have… you have two hands, so you can have a quiver… you could clutch your… your cloak, you probably need to hold onto, or it's gonna fly off. So you probably want to clutch your cloak, and then you can hold a bow in one hand and a quiver in another, and lose your sword.
Mike: Or you could… Clutch your bow and your sword and lose your quiver.
Tim Sackton: You don't need a sword.
Kate Sackton: What?
Kate Sackton: What if I clutch my bow and my cloak and hold her hand? I'm very worried about her.
Mike: Oh, that's true. If you wanna… if you wanna try and hold her hand, you might not have 3 things. You could lose your… you could lose your quiver, too. You might have to lose your quiver, too.
Mike: You could, you could, you could keep a couple arrows. Tell you what, you have 10 eras.
Mike: But you have to keep track of 10… your individual 10 errors.
Tim Sackton: I'm keeping track of your errands for you, sweetie.
Kate Sackton: The scholastic one in the party.
Mike: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Well, no.
Tim Sackton: Well, last night, when we were working on our character, I was helping Kate add equipment, and I was like, we should add arrows, and Kate rolled her eyes and said, I'm not gonna have to keep track of ammunition, am I?
Mike: Bam.
Tim Sackton: And I thought, Mike won't care about that.
Mike: Okay, so I deleted a few things from Justice's backpack that randomly fell out, but you have what's left. You have everything else. And then, Tim, Finian's…
Mike: What's Finian keeping?
Tim Sackton: I'm… as I fall, I'm… grabbing my…
Tim Sackton: Little, ocarina, my clay pipe, and my fiddle in one hand, and… Clutching my writing case.
Tim Sackton: And if my cloak… I mean, if my cloak blows off, that's fine. I assume my rings aren't gonna disappear.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, your rings, you don't have to do any. Your rings, you keep.
Mike: But you can keep one thing in one hand, one thing in another hand. You're keeping both of your music.
Tim Sackton: Middle arena.
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: And…
Mike: So, Finney is letting… yeah, okay.
David S. Kong: So…
Mike: No, you have your fiddle, your ocarina, your writing case. Okay.
Mike: So, I don't mind me.
Tim Sackton: I don't need weapons.
Mike: That's true.
Tim Sackton: Instruments are my weapons.
Mike: okay.
Mike: So, you can delete your whole backpack then, Tim.
Tim Sackton: I did already.
Mike: There we go.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: Say you land.
Tim Sackton: Can you start the music, Mike?
Mike: I just did, isn't… I wasn't not playing through the…
Tim Sackton: It's not shared, you have to reshare it.
Mike: Okay.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Mike: Advanced…
Mike: You awaken in the dark, lying on a platform of ice.
Audio shared by Mike: Apparently floating in the darkness.
Mike: Three body lengths above you is the howling whiteness of snow. You can't see into it, and it looks like it's moving very quickly. It would probably be dangerous to fly in it. And the wind shrieks, even here, lying on the ice beneath it, the wind shrieks.
Audio shared by Mike: And.
Mike: The occasional gust seems to, like, come and almost steal your breath away.
Mike: As you open your eyes, first of all, you see everybody here.
Mike: And then you also see a dim blue light glowing from two places inside this platform of ice, which is enough light to let you see… although you can't really see the edges, it's all just in shadows and darkness, you can see two bridges, one in front of you, one behind you, leading off the platform into darkness.
Audio shared by Mike: In front of each bridge, there's a large wolf.
Mike: encased almost entirely in ice, like, totally encased in ice. But, like, not in a block of ice, like, thin layer of ice around the wolf's body. Almost looks like a…
Audio shared by Mike: Ice.
Mike: Sculpture.
Audio shared by Mike: Double.
Mike: Why doesn't everybody say what their characters look like?
Mike: If you had a moment to think about it.
Mike: As you lie here in the darkness.
Mike: We're staring up into the whiteness of the Halloween wind.
Tim Sackton: I'll… I can go first, so…
Tim Sackton: The first thing… I don't know if anybody has darkvision, but assuming nobody has darkvision, the first thing you notice is not
Tim Sackton: What you see, but the sound…
Audio shared by Mike: Of.
Tim Sackton: a, like, simple melody being played on a… on a clay pipe. And as the sound is played, suddenly a light begins to glow brightly.
Tim Sackton: And you look up, and I'm casting the light spell, and you see… a halfling, maybe…
Tim Sackton: I don't know, in his mid-40s, early 50s, but, you know, pretty healthy and hail, well-traveled, holding now in his hand a glowing
Tim Sackton: Clay, pipe.
Tim Sackton: That's casting a bright light around all of us.
Tim Sackton: He sets up.
Audio shared by Mike: Briefly shaking his head, you can see…
Tim Sackton: He's… he has, like, curly… thick, curly brown hair.
Tim Sackton: not…
Audio shared by Mike: Not wearing a cloak.
Tim Sackton: Green eyes, a sort of cheerful complexion,
Tim Sackton: The only things that you see, he's wearing, leather armor, studded leather armor, well-traveled, he's… everything about him is he clearly travels a lot.
Tim Sackton: He's holding what seems to be his most precious possession is a leather writing case clutched around his two arms, stuffed with notes and papers and…
Audio shared by Mike: Other things that you can't clearly see.
Tim Sackton: And as he sits up, you can see that he's got 3 rings on his fingers, a silver ring, a gold ring, and a…
Tim Sackton: I never decided what this other ring looks like, or Mike never decided what that looks like. And a… and a… sort of a…
Tim Sackton: two silver rings and a gold ring.
Tim Sackton: Any kind of shh… Sits up, shakes his head, and looks around at all of you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not far away, there's a Russell.
Eric Rosenbaum: as… A raven-like kenku.
Eric Rosenbaum: Flips his body up.
Eric Rosenbaum: from… Lying prone on his back.
Eric Rosenbaum: all in one… Fluid gesture to land on his feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Two crossbows sweep out.
Eric Rosenbaum: And he does a spin, looking all around.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wild-eyed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Points them up.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then…
Audio shared by Mike: Drops them back down to his sides.
Eric Rosenbaum: What the hell?
Eric Rosenbaum: Iolo is a young Kenku.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wearing leather armor, and strapped to his back is a… Quiver.
Eric Rosenbaum: With glowing runes.
David S. Kong: as,
David S. Kong: YOLO, like, pulls out his two crossbows and is, like, looking at everybody, like, you know, about ready to potentially do something or not do something, and slowly is withdrawing.
David S. Kong: you see this, like, giant Kenku wing, like, like, go in front of the two crossbows, and then… and then, like, kind of slightly covering YOLO's face, and then you see, like, kind of leaning up a second Kenku, also right next to Yolo, sitting up slowly.
David S. Kong: Wearing, A dark green, cloak.
David S. Kong: And, and you notice, you know, interesting eyes. He's got, you know, one, one really, like, kind of sapphire, like, emerald, like, really, like, or sorry, emerald, like, green eye, and another one, like, a brown eye. This, like, green-brown eye combo, which is very good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Raw.
David S. Kong: And…
David S. Kong: And, but no other, you know, maybe a little bit of armor under the leather coke, but nothing else really, really to speak of. Looks young, not quite as young as YOLO, but, you know, on the younger side, as far as you may be able to surmise with Kenku.
David S. Kong: And, you know, keeping the wing in front of YOLO,
David S. Kong: And you see him kind of, like, whispering, like, dude, watch where you're pointing at, watch where you're pointing this. A little, you know, a little aggressive.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
David S. Kong: It's a little aggressive.
Eric Rosenbaum: Twice, live once, bro.
David S. Kong: Yep, it's a little aggressive.
Audio shared by Mike: You're.
David S. Kong: kind of at a… you're at a 12, let's, like, dial it back to, like, a 7, you know, just, like, a little bit.
Eric Rosenbaum: happened, though, man.
David S. Kong: And kind of looking around and, you know, seeing, seeing everybody as not looking overly threatening, says,
David S. Kong: Not sure how we all ended up here, but, I'm, I'm Echo.
David S. Kong: And, this is YOLO.
Eric Rosenbaum: low bows.
David S. Kong: Echo also will give a little, a little breath.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): large and powerfully built human in his probably early 50s gets to his feet and nods to all of you, says, justice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He's bald, with a big beard flowing, and this, set of…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Armor, you know, head to toe, this long sort of coat of, splint mail, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): greaves and armored all over, with a massive shield that's carved with, these rapids on it. When you look out of the corner of your eye, it seems like the water on it's flowing, and when you look squarely at it, it just looks like a carved shield.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): He's got, in the other hand,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): As he drops the backpack that he's been clutching to his chest.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In his other hand, carries a massive battle axe, and
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The closer you look at the loop, this leather loop on the end of it, there's these different…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): charms, which, if you're familiar with the area, you might recognize Charms for some of the Gustavo, the local
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): spirits, all, you know, in a 100-mile radius from where we are. But this funny collection of things, like a sprig of mistletoe, and an acorn, and a little vial of water, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): others on a necklace around his neck that he's tucking back under his armor again. You know, all these different charms of the local gods, and he…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Smiles grimly, and looks around, and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just gives a little sigh and a shake of his head.
Kate Sackton: With a glance at her, companion.
Mike: I'll get to her. She made it.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. Stands up and… Somehow manages to…
Kate Sackton: Twitch her cloak and her hair, which is long and black and flowing.
Kate Sackton: So that all of a sudden, she falls into place, and she's, regained her composure and sorted everything out with her bow and, and arrows.
Kate Sackton: And her, large… Warm-looking gray cloak of, owl feathers.
Audio shared by Mike: It goes with her.
Kate Sackton: gray pants and… black shirt and, you know, worn… worn practical traveling clothes. And.
Audio shared by Mike: She's…
Kate Sackton: Already alert, and looking around and smiling at those she knows, and…
Kate Sackton: Greeting those who are new.
David S. Kong: What's her name again?
Kate Sackton: Drain, J-R-A-I-N.
Mike: Lying next to Drain, is a young woman… well…
Mike: She looks about… maybe 25, 30-ish?
Mike: She's wearing a well-made fur cloak, although, actually, that… she's not anymore. She was wearing a well-made fur cloak, it snapped off in the wind.
Mike: And now she's just… she's wearing, sort of.
Mike: plainly made, like, leathers and fur clothes. They're sort of an unfamiliar style. There's no cloth, it's all, nothing woven.
Mike: animal, all made from, like, weather or fur, and sort of pieced together. Several different layers, it looks like it would be warm. Her face is sort of round, slightly dark, sort of like,
Mike: like, Native American, like, sort of slightly dark-skinned, but not… not, like…
Mike: brown. And she has, like… she's missing a tooth, and she has a large scar on one cheek, but otherwise, fairly attractive sort of face. But as soon as she,
Mike: Hold on, let me… okay, Kong, I see what you said, but…
David S. Kong: I'll do that.
Mike: Yeah, no, no, no, it's good, just give me one second. As soon as she… as soon as she lands, she, like, walks up, there's a look of total terror, like, she looks…
Audio shared by Mike: Terrified.
Mike: She starts saying something. A language you don't understand, although actually, hold on…
Mike: And wait, Schwartz, justice speaks Old Zimcoven, right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Mike: Okay, I sent the two of you what she's saying. And she… she starts standing up,
Mike: And… is, like, looking around.
Mike: Like… looks like she's about to do something, although you have a moment if you wanna… if you wanna do anything.
Kate Sackton: I reached out a hand in case she wanted a hand getting up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, sorry?
Tim Sackton: Is she…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I didn't see anything. In chat, you sent something?
Mike: Oh, sorry, I sent it to the wrong person. I sent it to Kong, not Schwart, not you.
Mike: Ignore what she said.
Mike: Ignore what I said, it doesn't really matter.
David S. Kong: I didn't read anything. What are you talking about?
David S. Kong: No messages.
Tim Sackton: Is she… is she scared? Is she…
Mike: scared.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I will… Holding my,
Tim Sackton: Actually, I'm gonna just… I'm gonna start, chanting in old Zimkoven, and, there's a… a sort of…
Tim Sackton: Casting calm emotions.
Tim Sackton: So what's a…
Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: DC15 Charisma Save.
Tim Sackton: it… Makes her not hostile, she's hostile, and suppresses charm and fear.
Mike: Okay, she… as you start to… Wait, does that have a… .
Tim Sackton: It's a 20-foot… sphere. So, anybody else who's frightened.
Tim Sackton: Of this situation is also going to be calmed.
Mike: You start… as you start to sing, make a… this… this has… well, all your spells have verbal components, make a… make a constitution saving throw.
David S. Kong: All of us?
Mike: No, just Tim.
Tim Sackton: Dean.
Mike: As you start to sing, the wind picks up a little bit, and it, like, almost… you, like, it, like, blows across you, and, like, it takes a minute for you to, like, regain the strength of your song. It's almost like the wind is trying to steal your voice.
Mike: But you recover the strength of your song, and you… you finish, and she comes down, and… and looks around.
David S. Kong: him, am I?
Mike: She seems calmed, like, the spell clearly, clearly worked on.
Tim Sackton: That's only… it only lasts a minute, so I'm gonna quickly…
Tim Sackton: Ask her where we are and why it's… So… Bad.
David S. Kong: Wait, just before we do any of that, Oh, yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: Are we in a place that… because, like, out of everybody here, Echo's probably the only one that's actually, like, actively, like, hung, you know, floating around in the chasm and, like, knows it… like, knows at least the top layers.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: You know? Are we someplace he recognizes, or like, can he place where we are?
Mike: No, this… Echo doesn't… it feels… something feels off to you about this, like…
Eric Rosenbaum: Mmm.
Mike: the… the… The darkness on both sides, and, like, the unnatural sort of…
Audio shared by Mike: storm above you. It doesn't… It doesn't feel…
Mike: the way the chasm would normally feel. The chasm normally feels like… sort of…
Mike: Nature, twisted in an unexpected way, but still kind of natural.
David S. Kong: Right? This has kind of a…
Mike: this sort of, like, it's not normal, like, normally it would be, like, weather, but with gravity going the wrong way, right? Yeah. But it's still weather, it still has this chaos of, like, this is, like, this regular, like, weird…
Mike: White cloud above you that almost…
Mike: as you look at it, it's almost, like, beating down on you with, like, a presence, like, that it doesn't want you… that, like, you're not supposed to be here. It definitely does not feel like the place you've been.
David S. Kong: What, what is it, is it… was it dark out before?
Mike: It was, like, 3 o'clock in the afternoon. So, I mean, it was getting dark, because it's midwinter, and you're pretty far north, but…
David S. Kong: Now, where we are, we're, like, when we look around, we're blocked out, like, the sky's blocked out, like, we can't see anything, we're, like, in the.
Mike: Yeah, so you're, like, lying on a platform that's floating in, like, a black space. So if you look to the left or right, or back or front, it's all blackness, except there's these two glowing lights that are illuminating these two wolves carved out of, like, ice wolves, that then are…
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike: positioned like they're guarding two bridges, right? And then above you, there's just this whiteness that's, like, spreading across like a sky, but it's not a real sky, it's a storm.
Tim Sackton: How big is this platform?
Mike: you can't… how… what's the radius of white? It's 30 feet in all directions.
Tim Sackton: in all directions.
Mike: 40 feet in all directions, and they've been looking at my map.
Mike: you can see the… it's just about 40 feet in all directions. You can just… not quite, you can see to your left and right, just the edge… like, the edge of the platform, it just drops off.
Mike: But to your… to your… same with… it's kind of the ice… where the bridges are, you can't quite… where these two ice bridges are leaving off, it's just a little bit more elongated in those two directions, so you can't quite see…
Mike: The edge there, but for the most part, you're standing kind of on a… not perfectly spherical, but a roughly shaped 40-foot diameter sphere.
Mike: Like oval. Like, circle. Yeah, it's not a perfect circle, but it's close-ish to a circle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yolo's gonna start strolling towards one of the wolves with the aim of,
Eric Rosenbaum: Kind of kicking at it with a foot a little bit, and leaning down to investigate.
Mike: Raw initiative.
David S. Kong: No, that's… that's the fight.
David S. Kong: You know.
Tim Sackton: YOLO!
David S. Kong: I don't even know who anybody is, like, do we trust.
Mike: I don't know!
David S. Kong: The only one… the only one I… the only one I know here is YOLO, and I definitely don't trust him, so I'm…
Mike: Let me.
David S. Kong: this whole situation.
Tim Sackton: Is it… wait, is it a… is it within 20 feet of the woman?
Mike: Is the wolf now?
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Echo is what?
Mike: Here's the map. Wait, so you guys… let me just… you should be…
Mike: Here, let me change the music, and… you should be able to go to this map.
Mike: Go to this link.
Tim Sackton: I see it.
David S. Kong: Aw, man, I feel like we need to roleplay for one more second here, because we don't know anybody, so now it's like, like, I don't even know who to fight.
Tim Sackton: No, no, it's good. It's great to have a combat when you don't know anybody.
Tim Sackton: I know, I know, I know a few people here.
Mike: So you should s-.
David S. Kong: Cool.
Mike: You should be able to see on this map the Zimka woman and the two frozen wolves.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
Mike: And you should… Oh, let me actually expand the Fog of War, because you have your white spell now.
Mike: So you can kind of see all the way into the darkness.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Mike: Yeah, I drew it. Well, I used stamps, but… I was proud of myself. So, you can't quite see, like, kinda where these bridges go.
Mike: Okay.
David S. Kong: Are we really couldn't?
Mike: Yeah, Rally Roll Initiative.
David S. Kong: limits.
Mike: When YOLO started moving towards the wolves, they started moving.
David S. Kong: 16.
Tim Sackton: I…
Eric Rosenbaum: 20… 23.
Mike: Hold on, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, don't…
Audio shared by Mike: Tell me.
Mike: yet, because I don't… Sorry, I don't know how to use…
Audio shared by Mike: How do you set…
Mike: Oh, adult tokens, okay, here we go. Okay, so… Tell me… Echo?
Mike: 16?
David S. Kong: Yep.
Audio shared by Mike: Oh, it actually took all your roles. Did you all just roll in D&D Beyond?
Kate Sackton: 16.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 23, 9, 15, 4?
Audio shared by Mike: Awesome.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay, so…
Audio shared by Mike: Okay.
Audio shared by Mike: Let's see, I hope this doesn't… So…
Mike: What happens if I hit start combat? Ack! Now.
Mike: Can you guys see all the things in the list now? Did it just show all the things that are gonna show up?
Tim Sackton: There is a list of things, yes.
Mike: Oops. Yeah, I was supposed to see.
Tim Sackton: that. You have to hide… well, does this not have a GM layer?
Mike: You can't see the creatures, but I don't know how to take them off of… oh, wait, hide, there we go.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: They might not show up.
Mike: They might be friends. We haven't met. They might be friends.
Tim Sackton: back.
Mike: Yeah.
Mike: They might be friends. Now you cannot see them, right? Oh.
Tim Sackton: Well… We don't really know each other, so…
Tim Sackton: But Drain has alerts, so theoretically, if you wanted to swap with somebody, you could.
Mike: Okay, I just gotta bring up Tim's combat mix.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike: So… Yoho gets the jump, so you see, as you start walking to the wolf, it… it… it…
Mike: Starts moving, like, it's starting to, like, gather…
Mike: It's body, like it's gonna pounce on you.
Mike: But, you're way faster than it, and you get the jump on it before it can successfully pounce.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so it… it wasn't… Made of ice, it was just covered with ice, and his attack.
Mike: No, it's moving, it's made of ice, it's just attacking you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nope.
Mike: It's encased in ice, the ice doesn't break. It's just…
Audio shared by Mike: Starting to move.
Mike: Like, it, it's, it's, it's, it… It's…
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I think I missed something you said.
Mike: I just said it's gathering its body to pounce.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I will make several crossbow attacks then.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's see… How many attacks do I get?
Mike: You can make 3 crossbow attacks if you use your bonus action.
Eric Rosenbaum: How about I'll… can I…
David S. Kong: Are you saying?
Eric Rosenbaum: I can do my…
David S. Kong: Are you shooting at anybody else?
Eric Rosenbaum: Just…
David S. Kong: We don't know what the fuck anybody is. Dude, like, you and I don't know who the fuck anybody else is. Like, this is why this is all confusing and shit.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll start by trying to do a telekinetic shove.
Eric Rosenbaum: To push it off the platform.
Audio shared by Mike: Like.
Mike: So that used you…
Audio shared by Mike: Your bonus action, or your action?
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a magic action, it says.
Mike: So that would… that would be instead of an… you could do that, but it would be instead of an attack.
Mike: Oh, it says, Elizabeth.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bonus action, you can telekinetically shove one creature within 30 feet of yourself.
Mike: Then you can do it as a person.
Eric Rosenbaum: The strength saving throw DC14.
Mike: Okay.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay.
Audio shared by Mike: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and it only moves at 5 feet. Huh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well…
Mike: It… it… it doesn't… it just… your… your telekinetic fist just sort of shoves against it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike: And it just doesn't…
Mike: It just stands there, like, like, it doesn't… it doesn't seem to be bothered by it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so I… Fire my crossbow, my left crossbow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh. Okay. Bye.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fire wildly into the air.
Mike: 10 misses, quite… oh, and what kind of arrows do you have, Eric?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike: What are your arrows? You, you see, everybody else sees as Elo goes to pull an arrow out of his quiver, there are no arrows in his quiver.
Mike: They just… it just appears as he pulls it out.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: I've been playing.
Mike: just make them fire arrows? Yeah, sure, yes. I mean, that would be an obvious thing to have made.
Audio shared by Mike: Already, pre-prior to. It's fine for them to be prior.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah.
Mike: I mean, you can't change… it takes a short rest to change what they are, but you can declare right now that they're fire heirs. Because ELO would have
Mike: arrows.
Audio shared by Mike: It's winter! What else do you bring with you on winter? You bring fire arrows.
Audio shared by Mike: Maybe a frost worm or something. Exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mmm… So that's… but… so.
Audio shared by Mike: But…
Mike: A tad messes.
Eric Rosenbaum: But you get…
Mike: I'm a link.
Eric Rosenbaum: I rolled a 2 that time.
Mike: And a weapon also misses.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, two glowing streaks.
Eric Rosenbaum: Zoom away, well clear of the wolf.
Mike: So the wolf… Leaps forward towards this creature who was attacking it.
Mike: And… It's, like, as it moves, the ice is, like, cracking.
Audio shared by Mike: But it's like, you can see there's almost a wolf body inside, but it's encased in ice, and moving, like, the ice is moving with it.
Audio shared by Mike: And it weeps towards you, you're not very far away, but it weeps towards you, and tries to attack you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, boy.
Audio shared by Mike: Tearing at you with its… With its teeth!
Mike: And your AC is… 16!
Eric Rosenbaum: 15.
Audio shared by Mike: So it… it hits you. It's… it's,
Audio shared by Mike: As it leaps towards you, its teeth tear into you. You take, 7 points of piercing damage and 2 points of cold damage.
Audio shared by Mike: And it knocks you down.
Audio shared by Mike: And as you're lying on the back, as you're lying on your back, because it knocked you down, it's standing over you.
Audio shared by Mike: And it just tears into your throat a second time.
Mike: I like to just rip out.
Mike: Your throat. Oh, and it gets a tooth, solidly into your throat.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, boy.
Mike: You take another 7 points of damage.
Mike: And as its jaw comes away from your throat, like, dripping with blood, you feel, like, an icy shard, like, embedded in your neck, like, pulsing with cold.
Mike: Ekka, you're up.
David S. Kong: Is wild shaping an action, or a bonus.
Tim Sackton: Bonus action.
Mike: Bonus action.
Mike: So you can wild shape, and then still move, and then still attack.
David S. Kong: I get two attacks as a polar bear, right?
Mike: Do you? Do you get an extra attack as a…
David S. Kong: as the bear mix to a.
Mike: Oh, yeah, yeah, then absolutely. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you're looking at the polar bear stat. Yeah, of course, you get two attacks as a bear.
David S. Kong: Alright, cool. Echo is, like, looks at YOLO like, what the fuck, you dumbass? And then it's like…
David S. Kong: And then, and basically, like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Somebody had to do something.
David S. Kong: He, like, rolls forward, like, tucks his wings in and rolls forward, like, like, as a ball, and then kind of rolls, and then rolls up into, like, probably tripling in size into a…
David S. Kong: How many… how big is this polar bear? Don't say it on the thing.
Tim Sackton: It's So it's, like… Four squares.
Mike: I don't know… I don't know if I can make this…
Mike: I don't know if I can make the polar bear… Controlled by you.
David S. Kong: That's fine.
Mike: I don't think I can. But you're large.
David S. Kong: Yeah, rolls forward, quadrupling in size into this, like, large polar bear, and flips up and just, like, roars mightily, and then…
David S. Kong: Swoops in to go to attack.
David S. Kong: First I'll do… oh, so they're both plus… oh, plus 8.
David S. Kong: Or plus 7 to hit.
Audio shared by Mike: Yep. How do I do that? I just roll…
Mike: Just roll a D20 and add 7.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: D20… And a roll.
Mike: So… Drain is next.
David S. Kong: Wait, 18.
Audio shared by Mike: 18 net hits, your first claw just impacts, cracking along the ice.
David S. Kong: Okay, great, and that does D8 plus 5. Hold on one second… There's the 8.
David S. Kong: 6 damage, and then second attack, Claw Attack.
Mike: As you hit it.
Audio shared by Mike: These shards of ice come flying off its body.
Mike: Towards you, make a deck safe.
David S. Kong: it's… And I missed, badly, the last one.
Mike: You take, you take 3 points of damage from flying ice.
David S. Kong: And then, make a deck safe.
Tim Sackton: Polar bears are resistant to cold damage, by the way.
Mike: Okay, you take… you take 1 point of damage… oh, no, you take…
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah.
Mike: You take, one point of damage from Flying Ice.
David S. Kong: Okay, got it.
David S. Kong: My, my second…
Mike: You moved up to, like, here, right? And you missed, you rolled a 1 on your second attack?
Tim Sackton: Also, you get 18 temp HP when you shift, so add that to your character. Perfect. So you should have 17 temp HP now.
Mike: Drain, you're up.
Kate Sackton: I cast a…
Audio shared by Mike: intense bail…
Kate Sackton: Baleful glance at my, Opponent in this battle.
Kate Sackton: Which is a hunter's Rest.
Mike: I just mark.
Kate Sackton: Hunter's Mark, thank you. Okay.
Kate Sackton: And then I…
Audio shared by Mike: Shoot at Dean.
Kate Sackton: Thing with an arrow.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: But you're… but you're all.
Kate Sackton: I am trying, but my computer is being slow, and so the clicking is not happening very fast.
Mike: And I think you get 2 attacks as well, right?
Kate Sackton: Yes. Yep.
Kate Sackton: That's a 25.
Mike: That hits.
Kate Sackton: 11 points of piercing damage. Plus D6.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: For Hunter's Mark. Thank you.
Kate Sackton: more.
Kate Sackton: Alright.
Kate Sackton: And… Did… did that, like… Hit into it and lodge in a place that I can still see it.
Mike: The arrow? Yeah, it's, it, like, it, it smashed through the ice and seems to have hurt it. I mean, it definitely hurt it. It, it,
Mike: The arrow probably is stuck in the ice right now.
Kate Sackton: Great.
Kate Sackton: Counting them, you know.
Mike: Yeah, yeah?
Kate Sackton: Alright, so I shoot again, emboldened by my first success.
Mike: That hits, that definitely hits.
Kate Sackton: So that was a 10, and then the extra dice is a… 5.
Mike: Okay, so 10, so 15 total?
Tim Sackton: And it… its speed is reduced by 10 feet from slow.
Mike: Right. As you hit it, as…
Audio shared by Mike: As that hits it a second time.
Mike: It, it, like, the ice cracks around and it reels back, it's bloodied.
Mike: And then… Before,
Mike: Finian gets a chance to move, coming flying from… flying from the… the side, this… this… Dark Shadow.
Mike: Almost made of just wind. Comes flying… comes, like, gusting in almost with this burst of wind.
Mike: And it comes flying… Over here, towards Finian.
Mike: And…
Mike: I should just go grab my physical dice, that would be so much easier.
Kate Sackton: Taking that.
Mike: What is your AC, Tim?
Tim Sackton: 13.
Mike: 13.
Tim Sackton: But I do have cutting words, so I can use a reaction to make it subtract.
Audio shared by Mike: It's…
Mike: It's…
Tim Sackton: 2nd.
Mike: This, this wa- this,
Mike: it just… it's like, are you using that? It's… it's just barely grazing, like, this.
Tim Sackton: Well, are you gonna… are you gonna play the way I play and let you know what the role is?
Mike: Oh, wow.
Tim Sackton: You cast Shield.
Mike: Yes, yes, yes, yes, it hits. It hit. Yeah, it hit by one.
Tim Sackton: I'm… yes, I'm… I'm disturbed by this situation, so I am going to… Cutting words.
Mike: Okay, it'll definitely.
Tim Sackton: I will.
Mike: words.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, I will use a bardic Inspiration to,
Tim Sackton: Just, speak again, like, a warding curse against,
Tim Sackton: The… the west wind, and deflect its attack.
Audio shared by Mike: A second one…
Mike: comes off.
Tim Sackton: Of course!
Mike: You're the only one they can reach, unfortunately, for you. A second one comes up and does the same thing.
Mike: Again, this wind towel. Actually, this one…
Audio shared by Mike: This one shrieks.
Mike: This one stops right here.
Mike: And shrieks this, like, lets forth, this gust of wail, of just, like, this horrible noise of wind.
Audio shared by Mike: And Finian…
Mike: Justice and Drain off to make a wisdom save.
Mike: Oh, but you have com- your calm emotions is still up?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So… I'm at least immune to… well, I guess it depends on who…
Mike: We'll…
Tim Sackton: woman is immune to calm emotions. I'm immune to calm emotions. I guess Justin would probably… or immune to fright. I guess Justin would probably know.
Mike: Justice with doubt.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. I don't know if Drain or Echo or YOLO would just be like, hey, this spell is great.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna…
Mike: Yeah, that's a good question. Actually, YOLO, Echo, and Drain, the weird bard saying a song that was a magical effect, did you let it take effect? It seems to be something he was targeting at the, the Zimka woman. Did you let it take effect, or did you try and resist it?
David S. Kong: I tried to resist it.
Mike: Make a…
Audio shared by Mike: Charisma savings for Tim?
Audio shared by Mike: No, Wisdom.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna save.
Mike: That's crazy.
David S. Kong: Charisma safe?
Kate Sackton: I went with it. I could tell what he was doing, and I know him a little bit, and…
Mike: Yeah, you could have let it happen.
David S. Kong: 13. I failed anyway.
Mike: Okay.
David S. Kong: Eric, I was calmed?
Mike: It means you're immune to fright, which is useful, because you're about to get a fright effect hitting you. Well, not you, actually, because you're not in the cone.
Eric Rosenbaum: I…
Audio shared by Mike: Of course.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, my roles have been 1, 2, and 20. 20, of course, was for my role to resist the buff.
Mike: So, you shake off the weird spell, but, but, Drain, Finian, and Justice still need to make a, wisdom save.
Tim Sackton: I rolled a 4.
Mike: Okay, so you take 5 points of psych… you take 5 points of psychic damage.
Kate Sackton: I rolled at 11.
Mike: You also take 5 points of psychic damage.
David S. Kong: I think your roles are in character. This is perfect.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna…
Eric Rosenbaum: So far.
Tim Sackton: Schwartz, what'd you got?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What did I get?
Mike: Wisdom.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 12.
Mike: 12! Wow, you guys are really rolling poorly. That's your roll, that's with your plus, right? You also take 5 points of psychic damage.
Tim Sackton: I'm giving myself advantage on the, on the… Concentration check.
Tim Sackton: With luck.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay.
Mike: Which makes… means I succeed.
Mike: That… however, none of you are scared of the thing.
Audio shared by Mike: It seems terrifying, but you just feel very calm.
Mike: And it really doesn't bother you that it seems terrifying.
Mike: Bam.
Audio shared by Mike: However, the Zimka woman falls to the ground.
Mike: Bhh.
Audio shared by Mike: I mean, she also took the psychic damage, but probably doesn't have that many hit points.
Tim Sackton: I mean, she falls to the ground, as in she's unconscious, or…
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Audio shared by Mike: She's… she's unconscious.
Mike: And… The other wolf…
Audio shared by Mike: Comes charging.
Mike: 1, 2, 3, Justice! It charges towards… You… .
Mike: What is your AC?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): T.
David S. Kong: You have a 19AC? That's pretty sweet.
Mike: It just… it comes up towards you, and it just… it… it… just… its claws, or its bite, you just… you just casually push it aside with your shield. Like, what, are you gonna bite me through the shield? No, you're not.
Mike: I shake my head.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): a bit disappointed.
Mike: It's Finian's turn.
Tim Sackton: I am going to, let's see… where can I go? I will bonus… let's see…
Mike: And Schwartz, you're next, and then YOLO goes again.
Tim Sackton: There's nowhere good. Is this the edge of the platform here?
Tim Sackton: Like.
Mike: Are you…
Tim Sackton: The edge of the platform is what's shown on the map, there's not any other space.
Mike: Correct. Correct.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: He's.
Tim Sackton: name.
Tim Sackton: It just came from off the platform.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, they're flying.
Mike: They're like, they're almost more wind than shadow.
Mike: And they came drifting from… they just came blowing in on the wind from off the platform.
Tim Sackton: Okay. It's not a great spot for me to go, but I am going to, bonus action…
Tim Sackton: Hope justice can keep this occupied, and Misty Stapp…
Tim Sackton: 2. What is going on here?
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Where is I? 1, 2, 3… 4… 5… 6, I'm gonna… So…
Mike: Is that ain That has thermal components?
Tim Sackton: I'm using… I'm casting it without a spell slot. I'm using my Fae Touch. Okay.
Tim Sackton: bonus action. So I'm going to…
Tim Sackton: Vanish and reappear over there.
Tim Sackton: And then… So let me mark off that.
Tim Sackton: Okay, Finian is scared.
Tim Sackton: I don't like this.
Tim Sackton: And, begins chanting again, playing on his little flute, actually. And…
Tim Sackton: Do I have to make a roll?
Mike: Are you casting a… what spell are you casting?
Tim Sackton: mirror image.
Audio shared by Mike: Yes. The wind, again, blows down. Every time… like, it seems like when you're trying to summon strong magical effects, there's this…
Mike: This wind comes and tries to steal your…
Tim Sackton: Dean.
Audio shared by Mike: Don't falter at all.
Tim Sackton: And, you now see four Finians next to each other.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa.
Tim Sackton: All standing, looking at the wolves, unhappily.
Mike: Justin?
Audio shared by Mike: I'm over at Justice, like, what's going on, dude?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That was mine.
Tim Sackton: bonus act. I can't give inspiration a lot.
Mike: Or, shorts.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Justice, touches on a necklace a, this little bear figurine with the head of a wolf, he's casting Spiritual Weapon?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do I need to do anything, or the… that just…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is the wind trying to steal my breath, or…
Audio shared by Mike: But Wayne does translate… yes, does it have verbal components?
Mike: It is verbal, right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It does have verbal components.
Mike: I'm interested, so I'd make a con safe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Ugh, that's a 4.
Audio shared by Mike: So, you feel like a choking? You could definitely… you could… you could push through it?
Mike: It would… it would hurt, but you could cast the spell anyway, or you could let the wind steal it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, that's just fine to hurt.
Mike: You take 4 points of damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright, and, hoists his battle axe, and then a glowing, bluish, identical copy of it appears next to him, and he swings with both of them at once. I'm using a bonus action.
Mike: That's actually a cat, yeah, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Regularly, yeah. So, alright.
Mike: So you're…
Eric Rosenbaum: All these extra people coming from?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 19?
Mike: That hits?
Audio shared by Mike: That's 5 points damage…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then the spiritual weapon… Same effect, that's, 23…
Mike: Yeah, that hits.
Eric Rosenbaum: I bet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And that is 11 points of damage.
Mike: Make a deck save.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That is not a thing that I do. That's a 6.
Mike: You take two points of cold damage as the… your weapons just smash into it, chipping away ice, and it shivers a little bit, and these shards of ice come flying at you, and they just sneak through the cracks of your armor.
Audio shared by Mike: Awesome.
Mike: And… YOLO, you're up. You can redeem yourself.
Mike: You're on the ground, and the wolf is standing on top of you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, do I have to take an action to get up again?
Mike: If you want to stand up, you have to use half your move.
Eric Rosenbaum: Half my move to stand up. Okay, well…
Mike: Also, you feel this… this… this, fang that's stuck in your…
Mike: And your neck pulse with cold, and you take, 3 points of… Cold damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will fire my heavy crossbow.
Audio shared by Mike: Are you switching weapons to your heavy crossbow, or you're doing your two white crossbows?
Mike: You don't have a heavy crust, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I was looking at the, they're only…
Mike: thing… the push effect. I know, but you didn't keep your heavy crossbow. Remember, you only have the two things you held onto, which were your two-hand crossbows?
Eric Rosenbaum: I thought I only had the two. Okay, I didn't know there was a different crossbow. Okay.
Mike: Yeah, there's also a heavy crossbow, which…
Mike: You might have, it's like a big thing. It's two-handed.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see, I didn't realize that.
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: anyways, I shoot with a crossbow.
Mike: Standing up!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I stand up first.
Mike: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Shoot with a crossbow, yes.
Mike: 12 misses.
Eric Rosenbaum: And… I could shoot again.
Audio shared by Mike: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: 2020.
Mike: Two heads!
Mike: You can act.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's, where's the image there? But then… That's 5…
Audio shared by Mike: Add a D4 as well.
Mike: D45.
Eric Rosenbaum: for the fire damage. Yeah. How do I roll a D4 here?
Mike: If you just click on the little dice icon in the bottom… Oh, oh, on the character sheet, yeah. On the character sheet, you can just… so 3. So that was 8 total…
Tim Sackton: Me, but you can use it.
Mike: just use TIMS.
Tim Sackton: I was just showing how to roll it, but I realized it doesn't actually show you anything useful whatsoever.
Mike: So…
Mike: That was your two attacks, with your bonus action, you could make a third attack, or you could do something else.
Tim Sackton: Remember, you got advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, yeah, yeah, but first…
Eric Rosenbaum: Immediately after you hit a target within 30 feet with an attack and deal damage to it with a weapon, you can expend one psionic energy die to deal 1d8.
Mike: Nath.
Eric Rosenbaum: free force damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's 9 more.
Mike: 9 more damage, okay. So, as Yellow shoots your remaining arrow, it flies towards the creature, and you just guide it unerringly with your psychic power, and it goes right through its head, and it falls down dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Nicely done, justice calls out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. I will…
Audio shared by Mike: Use the rest of my move.
Audio shared by Mike: Which I should have, like, 15 feet left. Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: But where should I go?
Tim Sackton: Then I'll yell out, kill the other wolf!
David S. Kong: Yeah. Go there, I have to… I have to go there to attack that one.
Mike: You probably don't want to go too close to it.
Mike: You don't need to be in Meiwei, you have… you have crossbows.
Tim Sackton: 30 foot range.
Eric Rosenbaum: But Yolo wants to be.
Tim Sackton: Hayley, obviously. You can come stand next to me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I can't get that far, though. I was, like, over here.
Tim Sackton: You only have 15 feet, right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I'll just… I'll go right there.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then, wait, do I have another action, you're saying? Because I have a bonus action.
Mike: You have a bonus action, which you could use.
Audio shared by Mike: To make a second… because with two-weapon fighting, you can make a second attack with your bonus action.
Mike: So you can shoot one crossbow each with your regular attack, and then you… somehow… you have a third hand, I don't know, I don't know how it works, but you somehow get a crossbow bolt out of your quiver, and shoot a third time in the same…
Tim Sackton: H4.
Mike: That's what the feed is for, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Shoot a third time.
Mike: That's right.
Eric Rosenbaum: 29. Now I'm rolling dice.
Mike: There you go.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right.
Tim Sackton: Hey, that's a crack.
Mike: You critted! So, did you… did you roll twice damage, roll damage again, and then also roll 2d4?
Eric Rosenbaum: A 7 and a 9, and then…
Tim Sackton: Well, it's just a 5, so it's 12 plus 2d4.
Eric Rosenbaum: 5 is the 2D4.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: So… YOLO finishes your turn. Out of the…
Mike: Out of the body… out of… as this ice shatters?
Mike: Four little.
Audio shared by Mike: Four little…
Mike: Motes, almost, of, like… of life?
Mike: Wait, where is… so, your white spell is… You have a license?
Tim Sackton: I don't know how to do ranges on here, it's 40 feet from me.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's fine.
Audio shared by Mike: One of these comes flying by Finian.
Mike: And as it gets close to you.
Audio shared by Mike: It darts towards your white, and it goes out.
Tim Sackton: My light goes out?
Audio shared by Mike: My light spell vanishes, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Audio shared by Mike: Whoa.
Tim Sackton: So how dark is that?
Mike: No, these two, this point right here is shedding dim light, and this point right here is shedding dim light. Here, let me put the…
Mike: Everything that's now black?
Audio shared by Mike: is… dark. Does anybody have darkvision?
Tim Sackton: That's why I have the light spell.
David S. Kong: Can't cool of Dark Vision?
Mike: Kenku don't have darkvision.
Audio shared by Mike: So, none of you have darkvision.
Kate Sackton: Nope.
Audio shared by Mike: So basically, it reduces the vision to that.
Audio shared by Mike: That's fine.
Audio shared by Mike: And then…
David S. Kong: Echo.
Mike: Yeah, these guys are going. Two of them swarm by Echo.
Audio shared by Mike: And one of them swarms…
Mike: towards YOLO.
Audio shared by Mike: And they are… as they swarm around you.
Mike: These, they, they… Actually, one swarms to each of you.
Mike: All, Drain, YOLO, and Echo all make a constitution saving throw.
Kate Sackton: Ugh.
Eric Rosenbaum: 23.
David S. Kong: 50.
Mike: These… each one of them just, like.
Mike: Shimmers and shivers and this burst of, like…
Audio shared by Mike: Ice?
Mike: Comes flying out around your face.
Audio shared by Mike: YOLO and Echo sort of blink and dodge in time. Drain, you're blinded.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, great.
Mike: And now it is Echo's turn.
David S. Kong: Am I engaged with the two… the two things? The chickpe, the wisps?
Mike: Yeah, the wisp is, like, buzzing around your head.
Mike: Okay. It's only about the size of a… Robin?
David S. Kong: That's fine. Alright, I will, I will do a claw attack against the one that's buzzing me.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: Right?
David S. Kong: That is… 20.
Mike: That hits.
David S. Kong: And… I do 2D6 plus 5.
David S. Kong: That's cool.
David S. Kong: Let's see, so… Oh, 2, okay, there we go. 2D6… That's 8 plus 13?
Kate Sackton: Well, it doesn't matter because I'm blinded, but it says that I do have darkvision, I don't know how, but it's right here under my saving throws are done with certain dice. I have passive perception of 15 and darkvision of 60 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: O?
Kate Sackton: But I'm blind.
Kate Sackton: I don't know.
Tim Sackton: Wait, where do you get the acronym from?
Kate Sackton: I don't know, maybe I took a feat, God only knows. I'm just reading my sheet.
Eric Rosenbaum: How does D&D work?
Tim Sackton: It doesn't say, dark… are you…
Tim Sackton: Mike can… I don't think you have darkvision.
Mike: Maybe I don't. I don't know, I just… Where are you looking that it says you have darkvision?
Kate Sackton: If I look in my actions… It tells me to…
Kate Sackton: It's like, your actions in combat.
Mike: Your beast has dark visions.
Kate Sackton: Okay, thank you.
Mike: So, as Echo swings a claw up at this annoying little beast, it just… you kill it.
David S. Kong: Okay.
David S. Kong: Alright, I will then move, and engage the bear, the wolf.
Mike: Okay.
David S. Kong: And… I will do my bite attack to the… the wolf.
David S. Kong: Some Baron-wolf action.
David S. Kong: And that is what… Dope, that's a 12th.
Mike: Dope.
Mike: Okay, that misses.
David S. Kong: Okay.
David S. Kong: And… that's my turn.
David S. Kong: Oh wait, can I bonus action do anything? What can I do with the bonus action?
Mike: I don't think polar bears have much with bonus action.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, polar bear echo.
Mike: drain Europe.
David S. Kong: I, I, I, I bonus action scratched my ass.
Mike: Okay, train your eye.
Kate Sackton: Well… Vaguely remembering…
Kate Sackton: That I was in the middle of a bunch of enemies, and now I can't see anything.
Kate Sackton: I…
Kate Sackton: fall to the ground in the sort of vague direction of where the Zimca woman was to sort of get out of the way, if at all possibly can.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: Is, oh, is anybody doing anything about the Zimka woman who's currently bleeding to death on the ground?
Eric Rosenbaum: -Oh.
Tim Sackton: I… I… I can.
Tim Sackton: I can't. Since it's my turn.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: One of the shades disappears.
Mike: Tim, make a, Hold on, where did I…
Mike: Make a strength saving throw.
Tim Sackton: 19!
Mike: Ow!
Tim Sackton: The best I can roll.
Audio shared by Mike: This shade appears right next to you. Wait, it appears, like, amongst the four of you.
Mike: And it's like the wind just shivers as it appears, and you feel like you're pushed backwards, but you resist, you don't get, you don't get pushed.
Audio shared by Mike: And then it attacks you.
Audio shared by Mike: What's Tracy?
Tim Sackton: 15.
Audio shared by Mike: It misses.
Mike: The second shade… Appears… The second shade attacks…
Mike: Actually, it… you know what? It appears on top of Finn as well. Make another strength saving throw.
Tim Sackton: 14.
Mike: You resist a second time!
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice. As these things are trying to push you off the side.
Mike: But they don't succeed.
Kate Sackton: Because there's 4 of them.
Mike: Well, how does, how does Mirror Image work?
Tim Sackton: Did one hit me?
Mike: Yeah, one just critted.
Tim Sackton: It hits a mirror instead.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: Whatever you're…
Tim Sackton: One of… one of the four Finians vanishes in a puff of, light, and… well, you can't actually see… nobody can see what happens. Correct.
Mike: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike: But Wolf, then.
Audio shared by Mike: walks in…
Mike: swings at… Justice.
Mike: You said you have a 19 AC?
Mike: It just hits you, just barely.
Audio shared by Mike: You get knocked to the ground.
Audio shared by Mike: You take…
Mike: 11 points of piercing damage, and 2 points of cold damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Audio shared by Mike: And then, as you're on the ground, it weeps at your jaw, it goes for your throat.
Mike: Tearing into it.
Mike: And you take another…
Audio shared by Mike: 6 points of slashing damage, and again, it leaves a tooth. There's a jagged tooth in your neck.
Mike: And now it is the Zimko woman's turn?
Audio shared by Mike: Doesn't look super healthy… let's see how she does. Well, she doesn't fail, she…
Mike: Does not fail her death saving throw.
Audio shared by Mike: Vinnian, you're up.
Tim Sackton: Oh, okay, do I have any idea how many shades are around? I think it's two, right?
Audio shared by Mike: You know there's two of them appeared, but it's hard to actually see them.
Tim Sackton: And they can obviously see in the dark.
Mike: I can see in the dark, yes.
Tim Sackton: Too many things to do. Okay, I will… Bonus action, Shout a…
Tim Sackton: A magic word of healing?
Tim Sackton: Just, like, a faint sort of resonant,
Audio shared by Mike: a song.
Tim Sackton: at the Zimco woman.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Casting Healing Word.
Mike: Yep.
Tim Sackton: So… That heals her 10.
Audio shared by Mike: Yep.
Tim Sackton: And then, I am going to…
Tim Sackton: use… Vicious mockery on one of the shades next to me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, yes.
Tim Sackton: saving throw?
Eric Rosenbaum: So I will curse…
Tim Sackton: the spirits of… The wild wind.
Tim Sackton: DC15 Wisdom Safe?
Mike: I made it.
Tim Sackton: And then… I've got my…
Audio shared by Mike: Justice, you're next, while Tim decides what he does.
Tim Sackton: I'm thinking about whether I want to run.
Mike: Well, Justice Schwartz, go ahead and go while Tim thinks about what he does. You'll have a while before the enemies would have a chance.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): First I'll make two attacks on the, the wolf, with my axe and with the… 13?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 13's a mess.
Mike: You take 2 points of damage, or 3 points of damage, and you feel the icy tooth in your neck melt away.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm sorry.
Tim Sackton: I can't actually move my character, Mike, because I'm… In a fog of war.
Mike: Bah.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I… I don't want… I don't like being this close to the edge. I'm gonna run…
Mike: Now you should be able to move it. Charts, the AC is 15, just tell me if you hit.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's a natural 20 on one of them, and a miss on the other.
Mike: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So, that is 9 points damage…
Mike: 9 total?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 9 total, yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That wolves, underwolf.
Mike: It's badly hit, hurt, but it's not dead. YOLO, you're up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hold up, I'll use, I'll do…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Bonus action, I'll cast Light.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mmm. Right?
Tim Sackton: It's not a bonus action.
Mike: That's not a… that's not a bonus action.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not a cantrip?
Mike: You can't cast anything. It's a cantrip, but it's an action.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Camp trips can't be…
Mike: You can't cast… unless it says bonus action on the casting time, you can't cast it as a bonus action.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Got it.
Mike: If you could cast your spell on the bonus action, you could cast your cantrip in the same turn, but…
Mike: Okay. YOLO, you're out.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's a Chasm Wisp right behind me, right?
Mike: It's like a little ice creature the size, or a little glowing shard the size of a robin.
Mike: Echo killed one with white blouse.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will pop a crossbow bolt in it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. 25 to hit.
Mike: That hits.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the one right next to me.
Mike: Yep, how much.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I rolled, I wrote, oops, 9.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then… Cross Evolve?
Mike: Kills it.
Eric Rosenbaum: With the plus the D4, okay. And… Continuing his graceful spin, YOLO.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should I just take out the other one, or should I hit the wolf?
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll hit the wolf two more times.
Eric Rosenbaum: 15 to hit.
Mike: That hits.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then I'll use… let's see, so I roll… that's 8, and then I roll my… D4…
Eric Rosenbaum: That's another 2… And then I'll use that,
Eric Rosenbaum: what was it called? The Psionic Strike, to do another…
Mike: that again, okay?
Mike: So tell me how.
Eric Rosenbaum: 11…
Mike: 11…
Tim Sackton: 21 total.
Mike: YOLO!
Audio shared by Mike: Kills the second wolf.
Audio shared by Mike: With another sciatic strike to the head.
Mike: But you also take 4 points of damage from its tooth that's still embedded in your neck.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll let that get you?
David S. Kong: your head.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ugh. What, you mean my endless success?
Audio shared by Mike: Yeah, don't let your endless success get… keep… get…
Eric Rosenbaum: their head.
Mike: Having killed both of the wolves?
Audio shared by Mike: This little… this little, Creature.
Audio shared by Mike: comes over and… Bursts a burst of… Like, needling ice.
Mike: towards YOLO.
Mike: But… it just goes… All around you, but somehow none of the little ice shards hit you.
Audio shared by Mike: The second one…
Mike: comes by Finian and does the same thing.
Audio shared by Mike: Much more effectively.
Mike: As the ice shards go flying right towards…
Tim Sackton: Luxury duplicate.
Mike: an illusionary duplicate, so you have one left.
Tim Sackton: Now you can see a second one… I've got one left.
Mike: Okay, Echo, you're up.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna just yell, little help.
Audio shared by Mike: Oh, girl.
David S. Kong: Sorry, I'm dealing with it.
David S. Kong: Sorry, just hold on for one second.
Mike: There's a guy.
David S. Kong: Actually, can you just roll attacks for me? For just polar bear attack? Bear and bite?
Mike: you can't really… all you can see to hit is the Chasm Wisp.
David S. Kong: All I can see to hit his what?
Tim Sackton: The little, the little…
Mike: I guess this… that shade you can see, no, you can see one of the shades. Actually, you can see that shade. Somebody can just roll Echo's attack against that shade.
Tim Sackton: the 16 and a 19 without modifiers, so I assume…
Mike: It does both hit, yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David S. Kong: Alright, sorry about that, y'all.
Mike: That's okay.
Tim Sackton: No worries.
David S. Kong: White thing. Alright, so what, what just happened? Did I, did I… what am I attacking?
Tim Sackton: Both your attacks hit the shade, but I haven't rolled damage yet.
David S. Kong: Perfect.
David S. Kong: So it's 2d6 plus 5 and 1d8 plus… Where's the other one?
Mike: Just tell me what the total damage is.
David S. Kong: Okay. Here, let me, let me roll it right now.
David S. Kong: Okay, so… I wanna roll…
David S. Kong: Oh, I can roll multiple dice at the same time, right? So 1DA, and then…
David S. Kong: 2D6, and this is plus 11.
David S. Kong: 21 damage total.
David S. Kong: Or 20 damage total, sorry, 20 damage total.
Mike: You… you slam into this… oh, but wait, hold on, there's this…
Tim Sackton: This one here, I assume.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike: You don't seem to hurt it as badly as you wished you had.
Tim Sackton: But you can… you can do… no, Moon Druids at level 6 don't do…
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you could do radiant. Legendary force damage with their attacks, or Radiant.
Mike: Nevermind! Your claws glow with the strength of your inner… of the strength of the chasm's magic, and it tears through it, even though it seems resistant to regular claws.
Mike: Yeah, Kate, Drain can see again.
Kate Sackton: Oh, wonderful!
Kate Sackton: Love how that works.
Kate Sackton: Well then… I…
Kate Sackton: I guess I'm just gonna… Is it even possible to shoot at a chasm Wisp from close range? Sure!
Mike: You have Sharpshooter, right?
Kate Sackton: Yeah, true.
Mike: So, you can shoot in melee.
Kate Sackton: Fine.
Kate Sackton: I do.
Kate Sackton: I, however, roll a 12.
Mike: A 12 will miss.
Kate Sackton: But you can take a second attack.
Kate Sackton: I will try again.
Audio shared by Mike: At first, you don't succeed.
Kate Sackton: 16.
Mike: That also misses.
Mike: Okay, the shades, are really…
Mike: Each… the shades, one of them… Swings… this one swings at… Finian.
Mike: What's JC again? Is it 14 or 13?
Tim Sackton: 13.
Mike: It hit a… he'd rolled a 14.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna cutting words out again.
Mike: Okay?
Tim Sackton: It misses… well, yeah, it definitely misses.
Mike: And then the second shade… the second shade…
Tim Sackton: Evil.
Mike: appears… M…
Mike: And you're… it appears right on top of you, again.
Mike: Shuddering with… with… with air. Make a strength saving throw.
Mike: Binion is tottering on the edge.
Mike: The shade blows Finian towards the edge, and you're basically balanced on the edge. Any… any, like, you're… you're sort of…
Mike: Inches from the edge, any push would knock you over.
Mike: But, the shades do not still have an attack.
Mike: And it's your turn.
Tim Sackton: I can't see anything.
Mike: No, correct. You're standing in the dark, on a precipice in the dark.
Mike: You feel like if you move, you might fall.
Tim Sackton: I'm… I am going to use my action to cast light.
Mike: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike: Now you can see! Let's reveal the world.
Tim Sackton: So, none of them can…
Tim Sackton: Okay, I'm gonna run. 1, 2…
Audio shared by Mike: 3…
Tim Sackton: for… Five… 6… One of those two shades was wounded, right?
Mike: Badly winded, yeah.
Tim Sackton: I will.
Mike: way.
Tim Sackton: Again, try to…
Audio shared by Mike: Curse it.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry, I cast Light.
Mike: Flight, yeah.
Tim Sackton: I will, bonus action, give justice and inspiration.
Mike: Justice, you're up!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm, mmm, mmm.
Mike: You're gonna go axe one of the shades?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Am I in melee with the Chasm Wisp? Do I need to take that out first?
Audio shared by Mike: You are, it's, like, buzzing around your head.
Mike: It's like the size of a robin.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Ignore it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Chop that guy first.
Tim Sackton: shade.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm gonna ignore it. I'm gonna do what Min says, and go.
Audio shared by Mike: Chop up the shades.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here we go.
Mike: It, it does shoot its little icicle things at you.
Audio shared by Mike: Oh, it actually hits you.
Audio shared by Mike: This… this gust of needles come flying at you. You take…
Tim Sackton: Echo is a giant polar bear, so you have to be one below, but you can still kill the wounded shade.
Audio shared by Mike: You take 3 points of damage as you run away from the robin. The top one is the wounded one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 1, 2, 3, 4, 5… let me just come around, like, to the side.
Mike: Yeah. You can also move your spiritual weapon, too, and put it anywhere you want.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, it's just gonna fall out… next to me?
Mike: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. I'll attack the wounded one first.
Mike: Okay?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That is another natural 20!
Mike: That kills it.
Mike: As far hit points.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then Spiritual Weapon on the other one.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That is another natural.
Mike: Okay, so…
Eric Rosenbaum: Outrageous.
Tim Sackton: Nation is really doing a lot of work here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wow. Holy shit.
Mike: 18 damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 18.
Mike: It's badly hurt, that's more than half its health. Oh, wait, is this normal… is this a normal weapon attack?
Tim Sackton: Spiritual weapon, it's…
Mike: Oh, it's Spiritual Weapon. It's not a normal weapon attack.
Mike: Yolo, you're up!
Mike: There's not much left.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will… Fire at the shade.
Mike: Okay.
Mike: Just crit?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a 29 to hit. Okay. And a crit. Yeah.
Mike: That hits.
Audio shared by Mike: Sorry.
Eric Rosenbaum: role, Once, for damage, that's 8, and then I roll again.
Mike: Yep. Is that correct? Yep. That's another 6, so…
Eric Rosenbaum: 14, and then a little 2D4.
Tim Sackton: You only had the D6, not the plus 4.
Mike: But then you roll 2d4 fire damage.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Audio shared by Mike: And it has currently 2 hit points. Oh, oops, I just damaged…
Mike: I think I just damaged YOLO instead of… oh, no, I didn't. I didn't, I didn't. It only has 2 hit points left, so your 2D4 fire damage definitely kills it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bam. And then…
Mike: YOLO continues to clear the field, twirling and shooting his… after that first mistake, you've really got your footing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Totally.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then I have 2 more attacks remaining, right, so I can take out both Chasm Whisps, hopefully.
Mike: Was that your first attack, yeah?
Eric Rosenbaum: You good?
Mike: Yeah?
Eric Rosenbaum: Second one is a 15 to hit on the one close to me.
Mike: They… they dart around, they're fast, they have high AC, you miss it.
Eric Rosenbaum: And… with my third attack… I've had…
Mike: That heads?
Eric Rosenbaum: 4… 9.
Mike: 9, you… which one are you shooting at? The close one.
Eric Rosenbaum: The one… the close one.
Mike: It is dead.
Mike: the last… Wisp.
Mike: It doesn't seem to be concerned that everybody else is gone, and it just… tries to… Shoot.
Mike: A needle gusts at whoever's nearest, which in this case is justice.
Audio shared by Mike: But it goes wide.
Mike: And Echo didn't kill, I mean…
Mike: Somebody just killed it, the last thing.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. Echo kills the last thing.
Tim Sackton: Echo kills it. End it.
Mike: Echo kills the last thing.
Audio shared by Mike: ads…
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Audio shared by Mike: The triumphant music plays, and Elo's had, and Yellow's had.
Mike: Something soundtrack in the background there.
Audio shared by Mike: as… Everything, it seems…
Mike: The danger seems to be gone.
Mike: As you all.
Kate Sackton: Arrows from where the wolf body disintegrated.
Mike: Yeah, how many years did you… you can recover, like.
Tim Sackton: used for.
Mike: You can recover, actually, you can recover…
Mike: All of them. It's pretty easy to recover them.
Eric Rosenbaum: YOLO looks around and says, well.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank goodness I was here. My name is Yolo.
David S. Kong: You already said that. You already introduced yourself earlier.
Tim Sackton: Oh, well…
David S. Kong: You don't have to save your name twice, and live once, you can just save your name once. And live once.
Tim Sackton: Finn and Finn and… there's still two Finnans, walks over, and both Finns give YOLO a little bow.
Tim Sackton: com… And he says.
Tim Sackton: That was good shooting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you. Looks like you did some good work yourself.
Tim Sackton: no, we'll see. I… I was caught a little unprepared there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, don't.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna laugh, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, how's she doing?
Audio shared by Mike: She's… so she's currently, like.
Mike: Kinda cowered on the ground, like, huddled in a little ball, like…
Audio shared by Mike: Ow.
Mike: Oh, you healed her, so she's not dead or anything. But she's like…
Mike: Actually, is the combo motion still… you didn't…
Tim Sackton: Never lost concentration, it lasts for a minute, so… Okay.
Mike: It has another 30 seconds or so. That was only 3 rounds of combat.
Mike: So she's kind of looking around, like.
Mike: She kind of slowly looks up, clearly the calm of motion is still…
Mike: calming her. But she… she still looks… really… uncertain.
Tim Sackton: I, I will… I will say to YOLO and, like, nod.
Tim Sackton: Kind of at the polar bear,
Tim Sackton: I would love to speak more, but I am afraid when this spell ends.
Tim Sackton: this woman is going to be terrified, and I think we must get whatever we can out of her in these 30 seconds we have. And so I will turn back to her and say, in Old Zenkoven.
Tim Sackton: What is this place? Why are you so afraid? In my best, sort of, calming, like…
Tim Sackton: You know, getting stories out of people's voices.
Audio shared by Mike: Okay.
Mike: Make a charisma check with proficiency.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, I just made the,
Tim Sackton: Okay, I'm debating… no, I don't need to use luck on this, that's fine. 14 plus 3, so…
Audio shared by Mike: plus charisma, so 21.
Mike: So, she kinda looks up.
Mike: And only, only… she's talking in this ancient language that nobody understands except Finian and justice, but,
Mike: she kind of… Looks up at you a little bit, like… like… puzzled.
Mike: And says, sorry, remind me what you asked her?
Tim Sackton: what is this place? Why are you still afraid? But the basic question is just, like, tell me your story.
Mike: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Why are you here? What happened?
Mike: She… she walks around at this…
Audio shared by Mike: at this place.
Mike: And the ice bridges, and… you can see, like, just this sinking… Sensation in her eyes, like…
Mike: Like, sort of…
Mike: just… just almost a life draining out of her. She's not terrified, she's clearly underselling her reaction, but she says.
Mike: I'm… back.
Mike: nobody…
Audio shared by Mike: Nobody escapes.
Mike: And yet, Somehow I did.
Mike: And now I'm back?
Tim Sackton: Back where?
Audio shared by Mike: She sort of points around, and she says.
Mike: Zephyr is home… Zephy… What's the… what's the name? Ziphers!
Mike: Zifa's Labyrinth.
Mike: You do not know?
Mike: You speak our tongue, yet you don't know the stories?
Tim Sackton: I assume I know several… many stories about Zagbutt's Labyrinth, unless they're completely lost, okay.
Mike: I've never heard of Cyphus.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna fake it and say…
Tim Sackton: of course I know the stories, and I'm gonna just try to take my fiddle and just pluck on it a little bit, just, like, starting to sort of improvise a little bit of a tune.
Tim Sackton: And I'm gonna tell her, but I'm…
Tim Sackton: I'm here to… I've come here to write down the songs.
Tim Sackton: And yours specifically are ones I have not heard.
Mike: Mike, is this safe for the West Wind? Yeah.
Mike: The cruel west wind.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll say that in, is Old Zenkoven a spoken language still? Yeah. Like, people still talk about it?
Mike: So, like, way up in the mountains, like, in the foothills of the Sentinels, on the fringes of civilization, there's occasionally, like, little tribes. Remember the Braugaldi from…
Mike: Dunbar, the people north of Ersk. The old Zimcovas are kind of related to them. They're not the same… they don't turn into animals in the same way and stuff like that, but…
Audio shared by Mike: Very few.
Mike: Like, you would have met a few people here and there on your travels that spoke it, but nobody in Breva still speaks it.
Mike: It's more of a lost language from the… from the local…
Mike: Though it'd be surprising to see somebody speaking it. They're few and far between.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's just a… I'll chime in to say, over Finnen,
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Zifa the Cruel West Wind, I've…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): met many, many, many of the Gestavo in this land, but I've never known that Ziva had a home.
Audio shared by Mike: So you would know, I mean, the story is that Sifa lives in the castle.
Mike: You've never totally believed.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Sorry, nevermind.
Mike: Yeah, you would, like…
Audio shared by Mike: There's a… there's a myth, a legend, that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, I'll say then, I never really believed that Sif Alif lived in the chasm.
Mike: The chasm? she says.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What year is it?
Mike: We don't… We don't count the years.
Audio shared by Mike: It's been… 7…
Mike: Seven by seven by seven generations since we came to this land.
Audio shared by Mike: Or so the grandfathers say.
Audio shared by Mike: But…
Tim Sackton: I'll… I'll try and riff off Justin a little and say, when she's talking about the grandfathers.
Tim Sackton: And they must have stories and songs.
Mike: They tell the…
Audio shared by Mike: They tell of a great… Cataclysm that changed the face of the Earth.
Audio shared by Mike: And… Well… We… we hid from that cataclysm.
Mike: Many, many years ago, 7x7x7… I mean, you would probably recognize 7x7x7 is almost certainly just…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): many.
Mike: Many, right? Like, they probably… it's not really 21 generations, right?
Mike: A great cataclysm shook the earth.
Mike: The swamp strained away.
Mike: the… The seas changed.
Tim Sackton: So I'm… fucking a little bit on my fiddle as well, and trying to get her to just, like, keep…
Audio shared by Mike: I'm sort of…
Tim Sackton: Turning this into a little bit of a song as she begins to talk.
Mike: And we came to this land to hide from the great cataclysm.
Audio shared by Mike: But…
Mike: But Zifel is here waiting.
Mike: We did not know.
Mike: It was their home.
Mike: And now… Now Zypha demands appeasement.
Mike: With their labyrinth.
Mike: No one escapes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And yet, you got out once before.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Or seemed to.
Mike: She says, sorry, I'm sending Tim a little message. Yes, obviously. Okay. The… Yes.
Audio shared by Mike: She sort of looks around all of a sudden and shrieks.
Mike: No, it starts just saying, no, no!
Audio shared by Mike: I can't.
Mike: No, and it's, like, just, like, huddled, like, collapses in a ball, and it started just repeating.
Audio shared by Mike: The Comb Emotions Act.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: I… she started… she sort of…
Audio shared by Mike: I…
Mike: I can't go in again.
Mike: The only way out is in, and I can't go in again.
Mike: No. And just, like, just, like, muttering, like, just, like, saying again and again in, in, in sort of terror.
Mike: The beast, she says.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, what?
Mike: She says, the beast.
Mike: And sort of shakes her head. If you find the beast.
Mike: It… it… she sort of looks at the… looks at the…
Mike: the fallen, cracked ice. Maybe you…
Mike: You could… you could kill it, maybe, but I… no. And… hides again, like, in a ball.
Tim Sackton: I'm still just trying to, you know.
Tim Sackton: walking at my fiddle a little bit and just trying to get, like, a soothing vibe going, but I'm pretty pessimistic that that's going to…
Tim Sackton: Too much, just not, like, totally ready to give up on her.
Audio shared by Mike: Go ahead and roll… I don't know. I mean, yeah, you'd have proficiency in this, so sure, roll another charisma check.
Audio shared by Mike: I can't understand a word of what's going on, but I've been with her for a while, so I'm just sort of sitting next to her reassuringly as I can.
Tim Sackton: So… 19?
Kate Sackton: Like a scared wild animal.
Mike: Kate, roll a… do you have… wait, does your background have any… you have, like, a wild animal. I forget what your narrative proficiencies are.
Mike: What did you write down?
Tim Sackton: Diplomacy, bringing messages…
Mike: Anything about calming…
Tim Sackton: move.
Mike: Calming frightened people? Not really, right?
Kate Sackton: No, that was…
Tim Sackton: No.
Kate Sackton: It was not one, just connecting with animals.
Mike: Wolf.
Mike: Nevermind, then.
Mike: Damn.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike: So she… she seems, I mean, she's… she's, like, huddled in a heap, and seems completely unwilling to… like, Shola, you could certainly coax a few…
Mike: She seems to have a connection with Finian. You could certainly coax maybe a few…
Mike: a few small facts out of her, if there was specific questions and you, like, took a few minutes to, like, try and repeat the question and, like, calm her down, but she seems like…
Mike: Like, just in complete despair and kind of huddled on the floor, like…
Mike: Totally unsure of what to even do next.
Tim Sackton: So, I am going to… Just leave her…
Tim Sackton: She's huddled in a… in a… like, crouched down, right?
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah, she's, like, curled up around herself, like, hugging.
Tim Sackton: I will just gently tell her that she's…
Tim Sackton: You know, she's safe for now, and…
Tim Sackton: I will use Minor Illusion to create on top of her a… An image of…
Tim Sackton: Like, the inside of… whatever I can, like, think of as a, you know, a house of…
Tim Sackton: Maybe whatever the, like.
Tim Sackton: cottage in the… in the sort of far north looked like, but it's only 5 feet, so this is basically sitting in front of a hearth with 5 feet of light, and then it's all sort of darkness around. Just to try and give her a safe place so that we can talk.
Mike: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think I'll.
Tim Sackton: And I'll just keep that going, just, like, plucking on my fiddle to keep the illusion going, so recasting the cantrip every minute.
Audio shared by Mike: Try swing, are you gonna say?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I'll go looking among, like, all the different, like, charms and relics and symbols of the Gustavo that I've accumulated over the years for something from the high mountains, like, something that I might guess at her being familiar with based on, sort of, dress and speech and…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Anything short?
Mike: Church.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But where she's from.
Mike: There's a… there's a famous, well-known Gustavo called Rommel, the Glacier King, who is supposed to live on the highest peak of the Sentinels, but is also supposed to have a very ancient provenance, and, like, is the old, you know, is…
Mike: Was here when the people first came, kind of thing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, I'll find, like, deep, sort of in the bottom of a pocket, there's, it's a piece of, sea glass that's blue, like, different shades of blue, that looks like a piece of glacial ice that's a symbol for him, and I'll put it in her hands.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Say a few words over it.
Mike: She kind of clutches it gratefully for a moment, and then kind of looks at you and says.
Mike: There are no Gustavo here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, we'll find our way back then.
Mike: I can't… I mean, you actually know this is not true. You at least have enough connection to them to cast your magic, but she says, they cannot… they cannot hear our prayers here.
Mike: We are too far away.
Audio shared by Mike: I'll say…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think we may not be too far, and I'll cast light on that little relic thing.
Mike: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Glows in her hands and say it's… The Glacier King.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Whose power makes this shine.
Audio shared by Mike: Even here.
Mike: She kind of clutches it pretty gratefully, like, clutching it close to her and kind of looking at the hearth and is, like, singing a little lullaby to herself, which you've never heard before.
Mike: It's… it's clearly…
Mike: not related, doesn't sound related to any of the songs you've collected, right? Like, it seems like a totally different style of vocal arrangement, right? Like, you would actually… Finian's sense would be it's not even a clear derivative, like, it's clearly very different, right?
Mike: And it's sort of, like, calming down a little bit, but is still, like, pretty…
Mike: despairing about her future. But again, you could probably coax a few questions out of her if you had specific questions you wanted to ask.
Tim Sackton: At this point, though, I think I will turn.
Tim Sackton: For the rest of the group.
Tim Sackton: And… start to tell the story.
Tim Sackton: Oh, perfect, Kong's back.
Tim Sackton: Kong.
Tim Sackton: Are you still a polar bear?
Tim Sackton: I guess you can understand us if you're a polar bear.
David S. Kong: I'll hang out to polar bears still, why not?
Tim Sackton: So… so I'm… Finn and Justice have just been talking to the woman, and now she is… Slightly calm.
Tim Sackton: And Finan will turn to the group.
Tim Sackton: And, changes the tune on his fiddlest lady, and will begin to tell a story.
Tim Sackton: of… The land as it used to be.
Tim Sackton: back when the Oaks Dreads first…
Tim Sackton: traveled the Green Sea, and I'll stop, and I'll say that
Tim Sackton: Duplicate has disappeared now, I'll say.
Tim Sackton: I'm sorry we weren't properly introduced before. I'm Finnan Oakstride.
Tim Sackton: I am… Quite interested to hear your stories.
Tim Sackton: But let me tell you a story first, what I think we learned from this woman, and I'll begin to tell the tale of
Tim Sackton: A long time ago, like, a couple thousand years ago.
Tim Sackton: Before the big empire in the South, Drancor even existed.
Tim Sackton: All this… most of this land was… swamps.
Audio shared by Mike: There was a great lizardfolk empire, and that's, in his family legend, anyway, that's when the first.
Tim Sackton: Oak Strides.
Tim Sackton: came to the Green Sea.
Tim Sackton: And where is not remembered, or at least he is not willing to tell you.
Tim Sackton: And he says, I think this woman, which she seems to be saying is her people.
Tim Sackton: fled the Great War.
Tim Sackton: ago, not the Great War that we call the Great War, but the Great War that's now
Tim Sackton: Kind of forgotten from many of the stories.
Tim Sackton: The Great War, at the end of which…
Tim Sackton: Land changed, and the swamps dried out, and the lizardfolk sweat, and…
Tim Sackton: I guess the mountains maybe shifted.
Tim Sackton: The myths are confused on this point, exactly what happened.
Audio shared by Mike: But maybe it was when the chasm…
Tim Sackton: came to be. We don't know.
Tim Sackton: But she says her people…
Audio shared by Mike: Hid here from that war.
Tim Sackton: generations and generations ago. And the only way out is through some kind of maze.
Tim Sackton: So, and he gives another short little strum on his fiddle, sort of a dramatic ending.
Tim Sackton: I guess it's a story for how to meet somebody.
Tim Sackton: It's hard to top that.
David S. Kong: Wait, so are you saying she's thousands of years old?
Mike: Twitter.
Tim Sackton: Well, her people have been here thousands of years.
Mike: She said, like, Herb.
Mike: The, you know, grandfather's grandfather's 7x7 generations came in here ages ago, not implying that she was that old.
Mike: Right. There's some people, she's… she's talking about some people.
Tim Sackton: Finan's interpreting this as… yeah.
Mike: I mean, Kong, Echo has never heard of any humans living in the chasm.
David S. Kong: Yeah, this is weird.
Mike: Totally weird, super weird. Like, you've never heard of any such thing as humans living in the chasm.
Mike: But she seems to be implying she lives here, or near here.
David S. Kong: Okay, so this is all great, and… Sorry, my Zoom…
David S. Kong: Is my internet… was I freezing?
Mike: You froze a little bit, yeah.
David S. Kong: So apologies for my friend here for, both starting and ending that.
Audio shared by Mike: That's.
David S. Kong: battle, but .
Audio shared by Mike: Who?
David S. Kong: Who, who are you all? What… what is going on here? What are… what's, what is… what is this? What is this place? Where… where… where… who are, who are all of you?
David S. Kong: Why are you here?
Kate Sackton: Do I?
Kate Sackton: Recognize him?
Kate Sackton: Do I know that there are… Okay. But I know…
Mike: You know the Kenku, right? You know… you know…
Mike: you've been to the Kameku Monastery plenty of times, you recognize Kenku, right? You just have never met either of these two Kenku specifically.
Kate Sackton: You're giving the impression that you're one of the Kenku from Kameka.
Kate Sackton: I'm not sure.
Kate Sackton: If we've ever met, but I've… Been called here to…
Kate Sackton: help, find someone who could talk to this woman. She crawled out of the chasm recently in all of this craziness.
Kate Sackton: And nobody could understand her.
David S. Kong: So…
Kate Sackton: So, justice and…
David S. Kong: Go ahead, sorry.
Kate Sackton: So, Justice and Finn… We're called to come and talk to her.
Kate Sackton: We weren't here when the magic storm brought us here, but…
Kate Sackton: We were coming to… they were coming specifically to talk to her and find out her story.
Kate Sackton: Because she seems to have come out of the chasm.
David S. Kong: But who are you?
Kate Sackton: I'm just a local messenger.
Kate Sackton: I… I've been, fighting most recently against the orcs and coordinating the battles that have
Kate Sackton: Been cleaning up after.
Kate Sackton: All of that, ravager. Mess.
David S. Kong: What do you know of the monastery?
Kate Sackton: I'm not a frequent visitor, I've just…
Kate Sackton: Noah… no, it's a place where, people… your… Your, group lives.
Kate Sackton: I know very little about what you do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Audio shared by Mike: That's where I'm headed.
Eric Rosenbaum: But, does anyone know where we are now?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No.
Tim Sackton: I suspect… In the chasm.
Eric Rosenbaum: to change.
David S. Kong: Maybe.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Although, the old woman also said we're in the West Winds Labyrinth right now, which maybe is in the chasm?
Mike: Mike, can you change the music?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's not the best playlist for this. That's like, you know, sitting around camp music.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, no, it got… sorry, I… I had a combat playlist, but then it got away from me, let me put so…
David S. Kong: No, you're good, you're good, you're good. The music actually was fine, it was just the, the, the harmonizing,
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Yes.
David S. Kong: So… I don't know any of you or your history with the Chasm, but I've… Chasm is… is… both.
David S. Kong: A home and a place to be.
David S. Kong: Very, very… Aware of, and alert of, too.
David S. Kong: Echo will have a look up at the…
David S. Kong: Echo will kind of, in a jump, he'll, like… he's still a bear, a bear, has been sitting there, kind of like, you know.
David S. Kong: Licking his paws and just kinda, you know, scratching himself.
David S. Kong: It's sort of like, this is so much better as a bear.
Eric Rosenbaum: That is…
David S. Kong: And then, he, he, he jumps up, and, like, again, like, does this kind of, like, barrel flip, and then turns into a, into a, back into a Kenku.
David S. Kong: And, Tim, you're… so this… or sorry, huh, reflex. Mike, so this, the sky, like, you know how you said the sky is all white? Is it, like, like, white as far as the eye-can-see, like, end-to-end type of thing? Like, what's the.
Mike: Wow, it's dark, so you can really…
Eric Rosenbaum: our kids.
Mike: it's real dark, right? So you can really only see the, like, 40 feet ahead… like, the area right above you, where the…
Mike: the white spell is, right? But what you see when you look straight up is a dense snowstorm.
Mike: Right? Like, it looks like the storm you fell through. Like, really intense winds, strong… strong…
David S. Kong: I'm gonna ask… I'm gonna ask you a spiritual question. So, you know, again, this is… does…
David S. Kong: For… from all of Echo's intuition, are we inside the chasm right now?
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike: Echo!
David S. Kong: Chevron, can I check or something?
Mike: Sure, roll of wisdom. Roll wisdom.
Mike: Add your proficiency.
Mike: Well, say one of your, background proficiencies is, is, is… one of your narrative proficiencies is…
Mike: The War of the chasm.
David S. Kong: Alright, so I'm just rolling Wisdom… is it plus 4?
Mike: Wisdom plus… roll your wisdom, which is plus… roll a D20 and add 7.
David S. Kong: Okay.
David S. Kong: Oh, at 7.
Mike: Okay, I rolled… well, I rolled an 18, so plus 7 is 25.
Mike: Echo feels… You can't explain why.
Mike: But you feel like something's wrong with this place. It doesn't… it doesn't…
Mike: feel like the chasm. It doesn't feel like wet, like, the biggest thing you can point to is looking up at the sky.
Mike: It doesn't feel like weather, it doesn't really look like a sky.
Mike: Okay. Right? It actually looks more like a spell.
Mike: Okay. When you look at it, right? And it just… it bothers you. You can't put it together.
David S. Kong: So, it actually doesn't necessarily feel like… we could not be in the chasm.
Mike: you could potentially not be… I mean, you can't really explain how you would fall into the chasm and then not be in the chasm.
David S. Kong: Got it, perfect, perfect. Yeah, so Echo, Echo, like, you know, flips, flips into a bird, hovers there for a second, is kind of, like, looking around, is like.
David S. Kong: I know this place well, and when I say this place, I mean the chasm.
David S. Kong: It's hard to explain, but… Everything…
David S. Kong: I'm guessing all of us would guess, would be that we fell in here. I know Echo and I, or Yolo and I certainly fell in here, but…
David S. Kong: Wherever the here is, I don't think we're in the chasm.
Tim Sackton: Steve, you see my message?
Kate Sackton: For us, it didn't feel like falling. We were outside at the camp just north of the chasm.
Kate Sackton: And a big storm hit, and just…
Kate Sackton: could have whisked us up into the sky, as far as we know, or off to a distant mountain. Like, it just transported us, it didn't really feel like falling.
Kate Sackton: Into the chasm. But I thought, since she said.
Kate Sackton: she was back here with… I assume you conveyed that general language.
Kate Sackton: In your storytelling.
Kate Sackton: Fit in?
Kate Sackton: Yes. Since she said she was back here, and my knowledge of where she was most recently is in the chasm, and she crawled out.
Kate Sackton: That we must be in the chasm.
David S. Kong: I don't… I'm not…
Eric Rosenbaum: Dune.
David S. Kong: Chasm.
Kate Sackton: Well, maybe she wasn't either, but she somehow got from wherever this is to the chasm, and managed to crawl out of the chasm.
Kate Sackton: which is what I want to learn how to do, because I'm very worried about the Beko Vahai
Kate Sackton: party, Adrikas and Pecrynic, who… Did disappear in here.
Mike: And Drikas, by the way, is a name you… that's your mentor.
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: Wait, you know Rodriguez?
Kate Sackton: Yes, I was sending birds to watch their progress as they…
Kate Sackton: ventured into the chasm to try to figure out what was wrong, and so when the giant cloud of steam…
David S. Kong: Sending birds? Like, are you talking about us, or what are you, what are you…
Audio shared by Mike: What kind of.
Kate Sackton: No, not… not, kenku. Little birds.
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't call me.
David S. Kong: I mean, you just referred to us as that group earlier, and now you're talking about… anyways, it's fine, don't worry about it.
Mike: Somebody has to be racist to somebody in every game we play.
David S. Kong: She called us the group. I don't know what group she's referring to.
Kate Sackton: Do I know that you're a religious group? The monks, or what?
Mike: No, you, you know the… you… you actually would have known, you know the, the Vehovaca as well. You wouldn't, you wouldn't, you wouldn't, you'd be… there are no, as far as you know, there are no Kenku who are part of the Vehovaca.
Mike: Bate.
Audio shared by Mike: I assume that the Kenko are a part of the Kameko Monastery.
Mike: But the Mystic group is not unknown to you.
Kate Sackton: So, I think that… I assumed that you were part of the Comeco and their religious practices.
Kate Sackton: If you know, pocrinic… then…
David S. Kong: I don't know.
Kate Sackton: or…
David S. Kong: assume a lot.
Kate Sackton: Well, I'm worried about them, because I last saw them in danger.
David S. Kong: You know, you know, Adrikas?
Kate Sackton: Adrikas was being accompanied by Pakrynnek.
Kate Sackton: And all of the Veho vacai
Kate Sackton: We're hoping that they were their best chance as a party to figure out what was going on down here.
Kate Sackton: But we needed to follow their adventures.
Kate Sackton: to… keep communication flowing. And as a messenger.
Kate Sackton: I do that by talking to
Kate Sackton: Birds who would normally be without speech, but with whom I can… Bond and communicate.
Kate Sackton: And so, those… messengers.
Kate Sackton: Go back and forth. I also have a close friend, Rala, who…
Kate Sackton: I hope… will come back to me in… in the morning.
Kate Sackton: Who can take the shape of a bird and… and voyage.
Kate Sackton: So…
David S. Kong: What needs to have of the group?
Kate Sackton: the last that I saw of them, there was a horrible hot storm of…
Kate Sackton: painfully hot mist that… that killed my friend Rolla.
Kate Sackton: And… I hope that those with arts and skills evaded its… Fiery… not fiery, hot.
Audio shared by Mike: Smoky, steamy.
Audio shared by Mike: F.
Kate Sackton: effects. But I don't know, and I am worried.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm…
David S. Kong: I share your worry.
Eric Rosenbaum: The storms here are coming.
Eric Rosenbaum: Different flavors. You know, strange.
Kate Sackton: is steam… Shards of rainbows.
David S. Kong: What have you, Large Man?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What of me? My… my story, or my thoughts on…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Where we are and where to go.
David S. Kong: Why are you here?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Well, I was traveling with the halfling. We were coming because we'd heard of her come out of the chasm.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm one of the…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Keepers of the Gustavo's houses, the spirits who live in this land all over.
David S. Kong: Mike, what are the custavas houses? Did I know about those?
Mike: So you would know, but yeah, so the cassavo are the local religion. It's basically a sort of small gods tradition, where the idea is that there's, like, a god in every… a little god in a brook, or in a tree, or in a mountain, or in a… in a…
Mike: waterfall, or… and so… and people sort of build little shrines to the different small gods in these different little places, and worship them, and it's kind of the… it's faded a bit, because the Mas Numina, like, the Eight Divines religion, has kind of come up from Sambara, and is…
Mike: A more powerful set of gods, and so it's not as widespread as it was, but…
Mike: They would… you would know. I mean, it's the local religion. You would think of it kind of like, sort of…
Mike: Shinto, Japanese… With God.
David S. Kong: Sounds very shitty, yeah.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: What's the relationship between those and the Mystics? Is it, like, mutual?
Mike: I think… I think, I think they… I think they are friend… like, I think a lot of the mystics might see the Chasm as kind of, related to the Gestavo in a way, right? Like, some of them probably even believe that Gustavo…
Mike: one of the vibes of the mystics is that… one of the stories in the local area is that Sophia, this evil spirit, the cruel west wind who has to be appeased.
Mike: To keep from stealing your crops and your children, and so on, right?
Mike: is… lives in the chasm. But the… and so some of the Gestavo worshippers actually believe that, and are very negative. And the Vahio, the Feja Vaikai are anti that. They're like, no, the chasm is part of the world that has these… this elemental balance to it.
Mike: But probably some of your compatriot mystics would believe that actually
Mike: there are custod, like, there are religious… gods, who are…
Mike: pro-human, like, you know, not this kind of evil, cruel West Wind who live in the chasm. Others might think it's unrelated to the gods, but it's either… either friendly or neutral. Not… there's no conflict between the mystics.
David S. Kong: I see, I see, okay. Okay. Yeah. Echo, Echo, like, like, relaxes a bit.
David S. Kong: It's like… Gustavo, haven't seen… seen you around here.
David S. Kong: In a bit, one of you here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, I don't… I've never been to the monastery itself, though I've met.
Audio shared by Mike: More than a handful of…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Kenku trained there over the years?
Eric Rosenbaum: What are they like?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Thoughtful.
Mike: Although, remember, like, come back at the monastery, the Cancun monastery is, like, The battle-hardened, like…
David S. Kong: Monastery is a weird word to use for that.
Mike: It's a weird word, right? It's not really a monastery, right? It's like a…
David S. Kong: It's a trip.
Mike: It's a, it's like a… it's like a, it's like a barracks.
David S. Kong: Yeah, that's exactly what it is.
Mike: It's really like the… so… so, the Veho Vaika, the mystics that Echo is part of, don't live in the monastery, right?
Mike: Kameko, you guys live, like, away a bit from the chasm. You come to the chasm, but you don't live, like, on… it's, like, too sacred of a space to live, like, on its shore, right? On its edge. You, like, live a little downstream. The monastery is, like, a Kenku barracks.
David S. Kong: where they.
Mike: They, like, train in aerial fighting in the chasm to be, like, to keep alive the deadly arts that Eren taught the Kenku in the Great War, because you have to keep alive the deadly arts.
Kate Sackton: But they do that in a chasm so not everybody knows it, so do we think they're just a bunch of peaceful birds who… excuse me… Oh, oh!
David S. Kong: Bunch of birds!
Mike: It's possible that some… some people… I mean, the Comeco are… they're… they're… Got that one for you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hashtag not all humans.
David S. Kong: I'm gonna huff up my feathers now.
Mike: Now, that…
David S. Kong: My feathers all up in a huff.
Mike: The Comeco is, like…
Mike: they're very… they're fairly secretive, right? They would probably… there'd be all kinds of stories about what they really are. You would know, you've been there. Like, like, and listen, Kenzo. Echo, like, grew up there. You know they're, like, a battle-hearted group of warriors. You don't really care about the chasm, other than… it's a place to train, right?
David S. Kong: It's a sweet place to train. Yeah, that's like… that's like their… that's like the hashtag, a sweet place to train.
Mike: Exactly.
Kate Sackton: Whereas my impression is that they're some sort of…
Kate Sackton: religious group, because they live in the chasm away from everybody else. So I've been calling them monks and, like, not knowing what they do, because it's mysterious.
David S. Kong: Echoed the whole time is like, humans are weird. You think that they're religious, and you think they're thoughtful? This is a very strange group of humans.
Kate Sackton: Clearly, we've never met the Kenku of… that…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): barracks.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Thoughtful in the sense of not being rash.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not… they're not impulsive, like…
Mike: Yeah, that's true. Yeah, no, I don't think they're impulsive.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Warriors aren't gonna, like, rush into… like, that sort of discipline is not to be fucked with, but, like, they're not gonna go out seeking people to fuck with.
Mike: Yeah, I think, I think they're very disciplined. I think they're, like, they're almost more like, they're like, you know, they drill, they, like, have just, you know, they're, they're, they're keeping a, you know, they're definitely.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Justice will amend it. Disciplined is a better word.
David S. Kong: Discipline, that is very good, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like… like me.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike: Not, not like me.
Tim Sackton: So, how did you end up in here?
Tim Sackton: Looking at the polar bear.
David S. Kong: I'm not a bird. I flipped up.
Tim Sackton: Oh, okay, looking at the… Echo.
David S. Kong: Well,
David S. Kong: Well, wherever here is, I'm not sure where here is totally, but we'll get to that in a moment, but…
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: The, the chasm, I…
David S. Kong: The short version of the story is that I lived at the monastery. I was born, and I lived in the monastery, and know it well, but
David S. Kong: Well, this wasn't quite for me, so…
David S. Kong: What's the name of the Mystics again, Mike?
Mike: the Veho Vaikai?
David S. Kong: You know of the veil of Ichai.
Tim Sackton: I assume I would, no. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They're not…
Kate Sackton: Everybody knows them.
Mike: They're not.
Kate Sackton: secretive.
Mike: Well, they're a little secretive.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike: They're not really a little secretive.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Right?
Mike: But…
Tim Sackton: print some tails.
Mike: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I… I… I live… I live amongst them, with them, and they've…
David S. Kong: It's home there. It's home there with them. Humans I trust.
David S. Kong: They're not looking at as bad.
David S. Kong: And.
Tim Sackton: I guess I was more curious what brought you to this place now.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah, that's just more,
David S. Kong: Trying to help my friend here. We were trying to… we were headed to the monastery, and then…
David S. Kong: Got hit by that storm.
David S. Kong: I mean, there's all kinds of strange weather here you need to be prepared for and ready for, but…
David S. Kong: Whatever that was, was…
David S. Kong: Whatever the normal level of unusual and chaos is related to the chasm, that definitely was… more unusual.
David S. Kong: But we were just on our way to the monastery.
Tim Sackton: And you were also caught in a storm, which you couldn't see through?
David S. Kong: That's right.
David S. Kong: Same, same for yourself?
Tim Sackton: We were about to speak to this woman, and Finnan nods over at the…
Tim Sackton: the Zimcoven woman, who is presumably still huddled by the illusory hearth. This whole time, Finnan's been sort of plucking on his fiddle a little bit, maintaining this illusion.
Tim Sackton: We were about to speak to her when…
Tim Sackton: A great wind and storm of snow.
Tim Sackton: Grabbed us, and… Dragged us somewhere.
Tim Sackton: But I begin to wonder if this really is the chasm.
David S. Kong: I'm not sure that it is.
David S. Kong: How many of you been to the Chasm?
Tim Sackton: Not below the river.
David S. Kong: YouTube, looking at the two at two other humans.
Tim Sackton: I'm not human, I'm a halfling.
David S. Kong: I know, the two… sorry, the two humans.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You can tell by his height, mostly.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It… Have we never in the chasm?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): you know, I've seen it from different…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Parts of it from a distance.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I know the contours of the place, but never in.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I have business in Comeco from time to time.
David S. Kong: Hmm.
David S. Kong: Well… And sorry if I missed this, so did you all speak to the woman, or no?
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Okay, and she… and then you told the story, you're saying that…
Eric Rosenbaum: True.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does the monastery at Kameko Is it below the river or above it?
David S. Kong: Below, right?
Tim Sackton: low.
Mike: It's… it's in the cliffside, about 600 or 800 feet below the river, and you have to get there either by flying, which is the expected way, or by climbing down these giant steps that are about 25 feet tall, that then have separate steps carved into them.
Kate Sackton: It's a lot of climbing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not for everyone.
Mike: I mean, it usually takes a day… usually people take 2 days to climb down, right? It's like…
Mike: Probably 5,000 steps, or something like that, and you usually would camp
Mike: On one of these giant steps, which is a nice little platform to camp on, and then keep going down the lake the second day.
David S. Kong: And, and we.
Kate Sackton: I love a lot of climbing, but…
David S. Kong: We think it's the, the giants that made this, the monastery.
Mike: It's certainly sized for giants. Whether they actually made it, nobody really knows.
David S. Kong: But is the mon… what's the… is the monastery giant-sized, or is it human-sized?
Mike: No, the buildings are all big.
Mike: I mean, the Kenku have restructured it to fit the Kenku, but the monastery itself is large. It's big.
David S. Kong: Got it. But…
Mike: It's also kind of too, like, it's weird, like, nobody really can explain it, right? Like…
Mike: The Kenku took over and abandoned.
Mike: like, the Kenko are the only ones that anybody knows who have inhabited it, but they didn't build it. It was already there when they moved in.
David S. Kong: Oh, this is… this is random. The Kenku in the… in the monastery should have, like… because I was thinking about, like, ways that they do, like, insignias and, like, ranks and shit like that, because they would be all about that, and I was like, oh, maybe they… I was like, they should have blood feathers.
David S. Kong: They should have, like, you know, blood feathers for, like, different, you know, blood from different animals and stuff that they find and kill inside the chasm. And then, like, different types of, like, blood feathers in different places, like, mean different things.
David S. Kong: Cool. Also, it's a cool turn, blood feathers.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like it.
Tim Sackton: So… Where do you think we are?
David S. Kong: Who are you looking at?
Tim Sackton: at… sorry.
Tim Sackton: It's hard when you're not in person. I'm looking at Echo, who seems to be…
Tim Sackton: the most deeply connected to the chasm from the short conversation we've had.
David S. Kong: Do any of you, are you familiar with elemental magic, or any other magic?
David S. Kong: The reason I ask is, you know, I can't shake the feeling that
David S. Kong: Wherever we are, this is, magical in nature, and…
David S. Kong: this environment. We might be in the chasm, but… Somehow, in a… in a… In another space.
Tim Sackton: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Familiar with magic, but more of the magic of…
Tim Sackton: stories than elements. I've been collecting stories for many years now, and…
Tim Sackton: I find the strands of magic in many of them.
Tim Sackton: But there's… Some strange story is about the West Wind, and about… the people here…
Tim Sackton: I spent a while traveling On the other side of the Sentinels, about 10 years ago.
Tim Sackton: So, people there, the Denecai, who speak A language that…
Tim Sackton: Sounds strangely similar to old Zimkoven, although I never quite picked up the tongue.
Tim Sackton: And among the elders of the Denon Kai, there are stories about when people first came to the forests on the western slopes.
Tim Sackton: And sometimes would think, The trickster fae were gods.
Tim Sackton: It makes me wonder…
David S. Kong: You think the fan?
Tim Sackton: Could be.
David S. Kong: Mike, have there been… have there's ever there ever been a history? Is ECHO aware of anything, aware of any fixture, FE, FEY activity around here?
Mike: I don't… I think… I mean, the fey are not common.
Mike: They're not… it's not like you've never heard of, sort of, fae activity, but they're not, like, a big part of,
Mike: the… their experience. There are, you know, there are people who appease the cruel West Wind, and to some outsiders, it does seem kind of fey-like, in a way, right? Like, people will… people will leave out, you know.
Mike: some food for the West Wind's children, right? And we'll… or will, you know, give… throw the… the best fish into the river to appease the West Winds children. And some outsiders sometimes think that is a little bit…
Mike: GitHub.
Mike: Fey-ish?
Mike: But… but to…
Mike: to the locals, most people would say, no, no, no, what are you talking about? It's the… it's the spirits of the West Wind.
Kate Sackton: if we can get a coherent answer, I'm kind of curious what she thinks you do to appease the West Wind, because I kind of have the feeling it's more than…
Kate Sackton: Throwing a fish in the river.
Mike: Like I said, you could ask her, you could probably coax, like, 2 or 3 questions out of her.
Mike: You could ask her.
Tim Sackton: Oh, absolutely.
Kate Sackton: she said that we could follow up on, as far as I'm concerned, are the only way out is in
Kate Sackton: And… something about appeasing the west wind.
Mike: She… she kind of… she kind of looks, like, at Finian a little bit, like…
Mike: She kind of is noticing for the first time that you don't look… Human?
Mike: And it's like, looks at you a second time?
Mike: Kind of puzzled, like, actually, she's clearly never met a half-wife.
Mike: What… and she looks at you kind of oddly for a minute, like… Wh-what are you?
Tim Sackton: Finan will be very, like, calm and understanding and gentle, and talk about…
Tim Sackton: Just, like, spin a tale about travelers and wanderers who have… Pass through the world.
Tim Sackton: For many, many years, even when there were Great.
Tim Sackton: Swamps in the lowlands?
Tim Sackton: And will apologize that none of them have found her village yet, and…
Tim Sackton: Say that he is trying to make up for that deficit and bring… Stories and songs.
Tim Sackton: To her people, too.
Tim Sackton: And that's what his people do.
Mike: She seems…
Mike: she sort of processes that, but doesn't seem too bothered, right? Like, she sort of calms… she, like, realizes, okay, I guess you're a traveler. She kind of accepts that story. She doesn't seem to have put together the two bird-like creatures as things keep talking.
Kate Sackton: And she's not saying anything about Elo, and…
Mike: Well, neither of them have tried to talk to her. She doesn't seem to be processing them as, like, humans, as sentient creatures. I mean, she doesn't… she's, like, not even really noticing
Mike: she's, like, barely looking up, like, she's basically huddled like this, and kind of only looks up when Finian comes to talk to her.
Kate Sackton: I mean, she came up into the Kamiko Monastery, though, she was…
Mike: She was terrified of the Kenku, though. She wouldn't talk to them.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Mike: Right? She, like, had no idea. She, like, was… that's one of the reasons.
Kate Sackton: She didn't know she could talk to them. That was one of the problems.
Mike: Yes, exactly. One of the… one of the challenges, and one of the reasons you left with her was because she was…
Mike: thought the Kenkyu were basically monsters, like, she was totally… and probably they were all carrying their blood feathers around and be like, we killed 17 bloodhawks today, we're the coolest, right? They probably were not the most welcoming, but…
Mike: She says. Sorry, go ahead.
David S. Kong: beans.
Mike: beings.
David S. Kong: Just looking at the non-Kenku, like, not people, beings.
Kate Sackton: Oh.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Thank you.
David S. Kong: Yeah, it's alright, just so you know.
Mike: She says to figure it out.
David S. Kong: Human-focused, that's all. Go ahead, sorry.
Mike: To answer the question, she, she, she says, well, once… when the… When the sun sets.
Mike: And the… and the new… and the new ones are… old enough.
Mike: the West Wind demands… A sacrifice.
Mike: And… and one of us… is sent.
Mike: She kind of looks up.
Mike: Through the cloud.
Mike: Into its labyrinth.
Kate Sackton: And after the visit, do you… well, I don't know, I can't ask questions.
Mike: Hey.
Mike: I do not know what she just… she looks like.
Mike: The sun must have risen by now.
Mike: It will be a while before the next sacrifice.
Tim Sackton: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Finnen will… well, kind of…
Tim Sackton: Thoughtfully look up at the clouds.
Mike: And you can't… I mean, you can't see anything except the light from the dim… from your light. Like, you can just see the very bottom of the storm.
Mike: So…
Mike: I mean, I'm gonna say, you guys may as well take a short… you've been talking for long enough that you can probably just… you should probably just take a short rest.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: Unless you… unless you… Want to do something else.
Mike: Bet.
Mike: I mean, as you're talking, after maybe…
Tim Sackton: Oh, so the other thing I'm gonna do, actually, when there's a… when there's a minute.
Tim Sackton: when Finnan's not, like, actively engaged, or has a minute to kind of step away from the group, I'm gonna ritual cast.
Tim Sackton: Detect Magic.
Mike: Okay?
David S. Kong: dude.
Mike: M… Justice's shield is magic.
Tim Sackton: That drains Clocus magic.
Mike: Ehhh.
Tim Sackton: With no other magic anywhere.
David S. Kong: Kaizen Magic?
Kate Sackton: Giant white cloud is not magic.
Mike: The… The sky… is not… I mean…
Mike: It's actually an interesting ques… I actually don't…
Mike: I know I have to consult with you, Tim, about what is patching.
Mike: You get this, I mean…
David S. Kong: The spell's like, meh.
Mike: Ehh…
Mike: No, you don't, you don't… nothing to tag, nothing's magical.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: I mean…
David S. Kong: Obviously, we'd come back, but we could just try flying out of here and seeing what's on the other side of that cloud.
David S. Kong: YOLO, she wanna go check it out?
Eric Rosenbaum: -Oh, just recharging my… Nick Power thing.
Mike: Don't they only be checked on a long rest?
Eric Rosenbaum: It says, you can… you remain one…
Mike: Yeah, you were getting one and a short rest. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I mean… Tom.
Mike: As you've been talking, the… like…
Mike: After… you've sort of been talking for a while, and like, you've been engaged with each other and stuff, and the… but you've noticed the… the… the cloud is kind of…
Mike: shrinking lower, and the wind is now just howling a little bit more. There's, like, occasional direct swirls come out of the cloud down, like, little mini whirlwinds of snow come down and, like, touch the… touch the ice.
Mike: And the draft is higher, right? Like, I guess you don't have any…
Mike: you have nothing that would actually flicker in the… but, like, your feathers ruffle a little bit more, like, the wind is just blowing a little bit stronger.
Mike: And every once in a while, you… you just… you hear, like, a howl on the wind, like, not…
Mike: That, like, animal… just, like… just, like…
Mike: It doesn't sound like the wind, but it doesn't really sound like an animal either, it just sounds primal.
Mike: And, you know, so as one of these whirlwinds of snow, touches down the,
Mike: The woman, like, curls even tighter into herself, and is like… It doesn't like waiting.
David S. Kong: The wind?
Mike: The beast.
David S. Kong: What beast.
Mike: Zyphus… Minion.
Mike: The beast in the… in the maze.
David S. Kong: Where's the maze?
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe we're in it.
Mike: to kind of…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): platforms and bridges.
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna… there's, like… what is the ground made out of?
Mike: Ice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: I'm just gonna, like, chip off enough ice to make, like, a little snowball, cast light on it, and, like…
Tim Sackton: Chuck it down the path of one of the bridges.
Mike: It… Skitters down the bridge about 20… 15 or 20 feet, and then… fall, like.
Mike: You see it kind of go over a little bit of an edge, and then you can see, glowing, like, there's still a faint glow coming up from the edge of the bridge.
Mike: Like, it skittered along the bridge, and then it rolled off on the far end, which… it was hard to see the details, because…
Tim Sackton: It's like…
Mike: But you could still see the glove, I mean, it's still…
Mike: it couldn't have fallen that far, because you still see the glow. Like, it just fell maybe 10 feet, and it's now, like, you can see a glow coming up.
Mike: Kind of illuminating, a space.
Tim Sackton: Same thing on the other bridge.
Mike: Yep. It kind of maybe… it's maybe, like, fell into a snowbank or something? Like, it's hard to tell exactly what it fell into without walking over there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll do the same thing, but lean over the edge of the platform and just drop something straight down below me with light on it.
Mike: So, it… it… Falls about…
Mike: 10 feet, and then it comes, like, you hear a gust of wind, like a strong sound of the wind, and it comes, like, at high speed, flying back up and slams into the…
Mike: into the ice. I mean, presumably this was a piece of ice, so it… I mean, whatever it was, if it was another piece of ice, shatters and skitters across the ice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm… Eula looks over at Echo and says, I wonder…
Eric Rosenbaum: Starts to step over to the edge.
David S. Kong: Echo also gets over to the edge. Let's do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Count of 3.
David S. Kong: 2… 1… Alright, we go.
Mike: What are you, what are you doing?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, Yolo's idea was just to leap straight down and see if the, gust pushes him back up and do an amazing trick.
David S. Kong: Too much… too much testiculating. Okay, there you go.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): just turns to Finn, and they seemed nice. Where to now?
Mike: So… so hold on. So, YOLO jumps!
David S. Kong: No, we both jumped, we both jumped.
Mike: Okay, so you're jumping, and just see what happens.
David S. Kong: We're diving into the… we're just going down. Yeah, we're diving down.
Mike: Make strength saving throws.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, boy.
David S. Kong: I'm sure this is gonna be good.
David S. Kong: I really just wanted to do the arm thing with Eric, that was kind
David S. Kong: That was our main discussion in the breakout room?
David S. Kong: about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whew! Unusual role for strength like that at 22.
David S. Kong: One.
Mike: Okay.
David S. Kong: I rolled a 2, but I have a minus 1 on my strength, so…
Mike: Right. And wait, you got a 22, you said?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David S. Kong: How'd you do that?
Eric Rosenbaum: I rolled very high.
David S. Kong: What's your, what's your modifier for Strike?
Eric Rosenbaum: I think it's also minus 1.
Tim Sackton: But he has a plus…
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no, it's…
Tim Sackton: You've got a plus 3 to the strength save.
Mike: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, from some…
Tim Sackton: You're proficient in strength.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, you both jump off.
Mike: And… you…
Mike: glide, you know, you sort of fly down maybe 15 feet when this very strong wind, catches, like, this… just this gust of this, like, wind. It catches you. Echo, you're just flung up, like, with violent force, and, like, catapulted over the… the…
Mike: back onto the platform and smashed face-first into the ice, you take 16 points of damage.
David S. Kong: Dammit.
Mike: YOLO, you are not… the wind is buffeting you, and you're… but you… but you maintain your position, right? Like, you… you're kind of… you're hovering carefully, like…
Mike: a few minutes, you know, I don't know if you, if you, if you wait, another gust will probably come, and you can't go down it.
Eric Rosenbaum: My intention was to see what was down there, and then use the power of the gust to do an amazing, like, triple backflip back onto the platform.
Mike: Okay, so are you gonna… so you can't keep going, like, swimming… not swimming, flying further down, it feels impossible, right? I mean, maybe if you were much stronger, you could try and push your way, but at the moment, you're, like, being pushed up with a strong enough force that you can't keep going.
Mike: But you're, like, balancing such that it's not actually flinging you up.
Mike: So, you could try and just…
Eric Rosenbaum: clean trick. Yeah.
Mike: You're gonna try to do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Push myself down, and then bounce back up, yeah.
Mike: Okay, make a… make a dex.
Mike: make a DEX.
Eric Rosenbaum: Acrobatics.
Mike: well, just roll DEX, and you don't have any… do you have any reason why you'd be proficient in this kind of thing?
Mike: Well, I forget what you said, your background, your background… so the idea behind the narrative proficiencies is I'm trying to say instead of what skill to use, just what ability to use, and then if your narrative proficiencies.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ugh.
Mike: would apply, you could say, well, I'm really good at this, and you get to add your proficiency bonus.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yolo has an unwavering and insanely powerful belief in himself to do tricks. He is ultra-confident.
Mike: Specifically, because you can't just say he's ultra-confident and therefore gets to succeed.
Tim Sackton: It applies to all ability checks that involve showing off.
Mike: There you go, perfect! That's what I'm doing.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what I'm talking about.
Mike: That's what you're asking for. Like a competition, or… Right, right, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Very true.
Mike: Add 7, roll D20, add 7.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice. Alright, so… I don't know how to do the plus on this stuff.
Mike: You just roll a straight D20, or just roll… click on the… see the plus 4 under your decks? Just roll the decks, and then add 3 to that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so my raw D20 roll was 11.
Mike: Okay, so add 7 as an 18.
Mike: Yeah. So, y'all,
Mike: Comes flying out, does a backflip, skates along the ice, a triple backflip, lands with one foot along the ice, puts the back foot claw down to drag to a halt, and stops right in front of Echo, who is bleeding with his face punched in by the ice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh man, Echo, what happened?
David S. Kong: Echo gets up, wets the blood off his face.
David S. Kong: Peak. It smooths out his feathers.
David S. Kong: Well, yeah, so we can't fly down there, that's for sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
David S. Kong: Looks like we have to go one of these two paths, huh?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I think… We're gonna have to walk out of here.
Tim Sackton: Hannah… Interested to see… I'll look over at the… the Zimkova woman, and…
Tim Sackton: If I haven't before, I'm gonna ask her what her name is.
Mike: Oh, yeah.
Mike: Her name… no, no, no, I had it, I just… I closed it to look at the Gestapo. Her name is Kalima.
Tim Sackton: I'll say to Kalima.
Tim Sackton: Which, I'll just try and get a sense from her if she has any idea, like, are the… does the path matter? Like, do people…
Mike: she sort of shakes her head and is, like, the…
Mike: All paths lead to the beast.
Mike: I… I don't know how I escaped.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is this beast?
Mike: She'd never met the Beast, right? All she knows is this story.
Mike: I mean, she kind of…
Mike: She's not totally convinced you guys couldn't kill the beast, you did a pretty good job killing these scary wolf things.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right.
Mike: but she,
Mike: she doesn't… I mean, there's… she doesn't have any specific knowledge of what the beast is, but… but she sort of… she tells you that it's kind of like…
Mike: it… it's… it's… she doesn't know, like… like, she doesn't really know how she found a way out.
Mike: She said she found… she saw a… a…
Mike: An earthen tunnel, and she just dug through it.
Mike: But she doesn't know how she found it.
Mike: Ed.
Eric Rosenbaum: I know.
Mike: And the paths generally all lead to the beast, she says.
David S. Kong: Wait, so when we… can she only understand Finian, or can she understand.
Mike: and justice, only if they need justice. But they can translate. Although.
Mike: Although, if you guys… if you, like, if Echo…
Mike: Well, tell me what you're trying to do.
David S. Kong: Just wanna talk. Can we just talk and then assume that the translating is happening?
Tim Sackton: I'm… I'm, like, still trying to keep this illusion up so that she can't… she can't see outside of the…
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike: So you're keeping the Kentu kind of hidden from her, right.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
David S. Kong: Oh, fine.
Tim Sackton: I don't want her to freak out.
David S. Kong: Fine, fine, fine, yeah, get it.
Mike: But you can talk and pass along the message. Yeah, that's what we're doing, yeah.
David S. Kong: So, just… are we in the maze now?
Mike: Yeah, this is the entrance.
Mike: Which way? This is… she… I mean, she fell through the same…
David S. Kong: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike: sheet.
David S. Kong: There's… but there's two paths right now, right?
Mike: doesn't matter.
Mike: The maze takes you where the maze wants to take you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David S. Kong: Let's… let's get out of here, then. Let's move… let's keep moving.
Tim Sackton: So, just one quick metagame thing, so Druids can use… a…
Tim Sackton: either a spell slot or a use of Wild Shape to cast Find Familiar without material components, so if you wanted to, you could summon
Tim Sackton: a familiar, and send it to Go Scout.
Tim Sackton: But it might just vanish into the mists, and you'd never see it again.
David S. Kong: Cool.
Mike: Nate can also summon her bird.
Tim Sackton: Not according to the rules.
Kate Sackton: And he said it had to be right after a long rest.
Tim Sackton: You can only summon the beast when you complete a long rest.
Tim Sackton: But you don't have to play it that way.
Mike: No, I think you could… you could… .
Tim Sackton: Normally, if it dies, you have to… if it dies, you have to take a… either.
Mike: Yay!
Tim Sackton: spell slot to heal it, or…
Mike: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But, but, I didn't intend… .
Kate Sackton: You didn't intend you can only have 10 arrows and everything you can.
Mike: No, no, no, no, no, sorry, I didn't realize how your… I… when it burned up, and that was several days ago.
Kate Sackton: Right. So…
Mike: Here's what I… In Denver.
Kate Sackton: You tell me if you're the DM.
Mike: Yeah, yeah.
Kate Sackton: But I heard that every morning I wake up.
Kate Sackton: And Rolla appears, and we have a frolicking fun day together. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Except that this morning I woke up, and Rolla appeared, and I went off to go travel with a Zimca woman, and a giant storm of immense wind capacity whipped me into another dimension.
Mike: Yeah, but Rollo could have survived the storm.
Kate Sackton: Okay, so she's.
Mike: Because, I mean, the Zimco woman only had 5 hit points, she survived the storm.
Mike: So there's no reason why Rolla wouldn't have survived the storm. I thought it was like a familiar that you summoned and dismissed whenever you wanted.
Mike: So, I thought you just didn't have… no, Rawa would have survived the storm. There's not a…
Mike: I mean, none of you took damage.
Kate Sackton: She wasn't so battered by the wind that she disappeared, and I can't see her again until tomorrow morning.
Mike: Yes, yes.
Kate Sackton: That's good news.
Mike: I mean…
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'd do that.
David S. Kong: I, I, I get up, familiar.
Mike: Are you using…
David S. Kong: What are… what are some good animals?
Tim Sackton: Well, your only choices are… Your only choices are…
Mike: You… you do… just one… one note, you do get a strong sense from this… from Kalima, that, like.
Mike: This is not… the labyrinth is not the kind of place you sleep.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
David S. Kong: I don't want to waste both slots doing this.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean…
Kate Sackton: If Rolla's already here, maybe we should just send her.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'll see that. Rawl is here, let's see that.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: Having gone unnoticed as she stayed through…
Mike: I'm gonna say she was battered by the fall and recovered. You nursed her back to life as… to health as part of the short rest.
Kate Sackton: Alright, Grace.
Mike: You guys also, by the way, anybody who wants to spend hit dice during the short rest, you certainly can.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Mike: Yeah, so you're sending Rolla?
Kate Sackton: I am sending Rolla.
Mike: What is Rolla? I guess I should have read your Beastmaster abilities more carefully.
Mike: Rawa has darkvision, and can Rolla communicate with you mentally?
Tim Sackton: No.
Kate Sackton: No.
Mike: So you just, like, give her instructions, and she goes off and then comes back?
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike: Okay, what instructions are you giving her?
Kate Sackton: I say…
Kate Sackton: We're gonna head off in this direction, can you go a short ways and see if there's any obvious, dangerous beasts?
Mike: She… how… Okay, she… she comes back a few minutes later and basically tells you there's a…
Mike: There's a… there's a room. Like, the bridge leads…
Mike: into, like, the ceiling of a… of, like, a snowbank, basically. And there's an opening, but you can jump down into the snow. It's like…
Mike: And then there's four, sort of, passageways going off into, like, Going, like.
Mike: The geometry is kind of a little hard to understand, like, it doesn't quite seem…
Mike: Like, it totally fits, but there's basically four branches, like, 4 going, like, into the…
Mike: it, like, tunnels into the snow. So it's almost like a massive snow bank, and there's, like, these four narrow tunnels, like, weaving…
Mike: Bleeding into the snow.
Mike: Each going out.
Mike: So it's probably your best mental picture, is you're in an empty black space, floating, with all this wind, and then there's snow over there somewhere, and you can jump into it, and then there's these four tunnels, each… your bird didn't go down through any of the four tunnels.
Mike: But there was no signs of any creatures.
Kate Sackton: Alright, let's go get ourselves lost.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Are we gonna… I mean, poor…
Kate Sackton: Poor Kalima doesn't seem to have the vibe of wanting to go back in, but on the other hand, she doesn't seem to be safe just sitting here.
Mike: Indeed!
Mike: She's not gonna go back in, unless you physically drag her.
Kate Sackton: Alright.
Mike: I mean… You could physically drag her.
Tim Sackton: Wow.
Mike: It's not necessarily…
Tim Sackton: the dragger. I guess Justice could probably physically drag her.
Tim Sackton: Maybe drain.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I feel like we… I… we can persuade her. I'm gonna take a crack at, like, persuading her to…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Like, she's gonna be safer, for sure, with us than…
Mike: Left alone? Like, who knows what random shit's gonna show up to…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Chomper.
Mike: Alright, make a… make a persuasion check.
Tim Sackton: I'm… I'm gonna… I'm gonna help Justice with this.
Mike: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's, 18… I still have… I think I still have a Bardic Inspiration floating around, if.
Tim Sackton: It only lasts an hour, so if we took a short rest, you don't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, okay, nevermind.
Tim Sackton: But I'm… I'm helping with you, so you have advantage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Do that again… 18 is the better of the two.
Mike: What's, what's your, like, your argument it should be safer with you?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike: She kind of looks around at you for a minute, at the group of you, and kind of…
Mike: Looks at the two… Bird creatures? What are they?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): They're, they're a Kenku. They're, they're perfectly ordinary, results of COVID that they can't understand, I presume.
Kate Sackton: They're perfectly ordinary.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Person-bird hybrids, you know, it's… It's just one of those things, they're from another…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Another part of the country. I've seen… I've seen so many Kenku. They're perfectly lovely. They're, you know, they're on their own trip, but they're… they're nice.
David S. Kong: I think he's saying good stuff about us.
Mike: She looks?
Mike: A little terrified, but is like…
Mike: Wait, who cast healing on her?
Tim Sackton: Finn in.
Mike: spinning. She's like… if I could… if I could…
Mike: stay between the two of you, maybe, pointing to Justice and Finian.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You know, until you get to know them a little bit better.
Mike: Don't… Don't… promise… on the Gustavo, who are not here.
Mike: That you won't leave me down there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I promise, says Justice.
Mike: Okay, you convince her. She'll come with you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'll say in common.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): She's coming with us.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): She hasn't met Kenku before, so she's a little freaked out by the…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The two of you, just… just because it's new and different, not…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Not because humans automatically have problems with Kenku.
Eric Rosenbaum: She's gonna love it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I mean, like, she's literally never seen a Kenku before, so it's…
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's just a lot for her. Go easy.
Mike: So, are you, jumping down into the snow tunnel?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's do it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike: It's, it's 11.45. Are people good going another, like, 20 minutes, or do we want to stop now?
Tim Sackton: I'm good, but I'm not the one who falls asleep, so…
Tim Sackton: I'll go with the group. Eric probably wants to go to bed.
Eric Rosenbaum: I, I, yeah.
Mike: We can stop now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Lots of stuff now, yeah.
Mike: Yeah, yeah, we can stop now. We should… I realize it occurs to me we have not scheduled. We have to schedule.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool.
Mike: Wow, I found this really fun, I hope you enjoyed it. It's not exactly what I expected to happen, but that's okay.
Tim Sackton: Never is.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's called the Indy.
Mike: Yep. No, it's fine.